# OWD Steering Committee call, 21-06-2023

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD)

**Regrets:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Michael Smith (W3C), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Eric Meyer (Igalia), William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla),  Rachel Andrew (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft),  Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),  Lola Odelola, Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:**  Will

## Agenda

1. Projects
    - BCD
        - [BCD 2020+ data accuracy](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/85) Vinyl and Florian are working through the backlog. 28 files left!
    - PWA
        - Guide to [caching](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27442) is up for review: 
        - Better docs for [fetch event](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27367) and [Response.error()](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27354)
        - [Tutorial 1](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27314) still in review
        - [PR for PWA examples](https://github.com/mdn/pwa-examples/pull/30)
    - CSS Modules
        - Working on selectors module (which doesn’t exist)
2. Content planning
    - Last week we assessed H1 projects. Aiming to finish most of them. Meeting notes: 
    - New projects filed
        - [OWD project: Docs for Web Performance API measurements](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/157)
        - [OWD project: WebXR docs](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/158)
        - [OWD project: Doc structures for WebIDL concepts](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/159)
        - (working on writing up more)
    - Please submit project ideas for us at [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose)
3. Announcements
    - Estelle at Config part of this week
4. Other

## Notes

- BCD: very close to finishing, Florian and Vinyl will meet to review the remnants.
- PWA: wrapping up the last bits. Guide to caching in review. Various other improvements. Guides and How-Tos should be done after that. Then we need to clean-up links / navigations. And finish up the tutorial, which is waiting for a re-review from Patrick now. There’s also a PR in PWA examples that includes a landing page for the tutorial.
- Content planning.
  - Good idea about what needs to continue, and what’s finished. Brainstorming about new ideas for H2. Some ideas already shared: webxr, perf API, webidl structure. More in the works, bcd projects, machine-readable mdn content, feature sets (meeting with Daniel of WebDX to talk about grouping platform features).
  - Not gonna do it all in H2, will eventually depend on funding and staffing.
  - If you have ideas for new projects, use the form.
  - Will: asking about a project related to security requirements of APIs. Florian had done a project proposal for it already. Ruth thinks the information would be very useful at the feature sets level too. In an ideal feature, the security reqs could be solved by feature sets.
  - Estelle: there are other topics that should be included too, on top of security: ux, perf, i18n, a11y, privacy.
  