# OWD Steering Committee call, 26-01-2022

**Present:** William Bamberg (OWD), Michael Smith (w3c), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD)

**Regrets:** Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Florian Scholz (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jonathan Davis (Apple)

**Chair**: Will
**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. London meeting last week!
    - [Raw notes](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/meetups/london-2023/index.md)
    - [Shared roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects/26/views/7). OWD will keep something like our existing quarterly planning process, but will sync with Mozilla so as to coordinate projects.
    - Lots of discussions on various aspects of MDN, including:
        - [Examples](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/meetups/london-2023/session-code-examples.md)
        - [Feature groups](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/meetups/london-2023/session-webplatform.md) (featuring Kadir and Daniel)
        - [Page types/IA](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/meetups/london-2023/session-ia.md)
    - Joint OWD/Mozilla blog post is forthcoming
2. OWD Q1 planning, a bit late.
    - Likely projects:
        - Continue with [page types](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/15539)
        - Get started with [PWA updates](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects/26/views/8?pane=issue&itemId=15979055)
        - Fix [Web/API page titles](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/284)
        -[Describe security requirements consistently](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/146)
        - [CSS Module landing pages](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147)
        - [Fix errors in BCD for API, CSS and JS going back to at least 2020](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/85)
            - This project will be split into multiple parts over 2023
    - …but also more from our [backlog](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues).
    - Think about new project proposals and [file them](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new?assignees=&labels=not+ready&template=owd-project.yml)!
3. Dom created some tools for us:
    - New page template: [https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-scaffold/](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-scaffold/) 
    - Current gaps in content: [https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-gaps/](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-gaps/)
4. TPAC - next meeting

## Notes

(Will) Meeting in London included all governing committee, several from mozilla and almost all the writers (except Hamish), and most engineers. Three days in Google offices. Florian is collating the notes. A few highlights: there will be a blog post about the meeting, shared road map as a common way of tracking projects to coordinate work, planning processes: owd will still do our own, but we’ll sync, and possibly have join projects. Link of [Shared roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects/26/views/7). Discussions about code examples. Moz seems optimistic that there will be more engineering resources on MDN including a better system for creating interactive code samples. Hopefully deprecating github page based examples, which were needed for CSP and fonts. There’s interest in fixing those two issues. Not optimistic but hopeful that this will happen.Kadir and DBeck: Feature groups - describe platform features that cross domains at a higher level, like web components, that use more than one tech (css, js, html, not well represented on BCD or MDN). Looking at taxonomy of these kind of features. Information Architecture and navigation of MDN will likely be impacted. Also covered page types and what can be done with page types, like linting, generate pages. DOM made [https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-scaffold/](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-scaffold/) which will.

(Hamish) Is this one in the tool? Joe medley made one, but it’s not linked to in a way for it to be used: [https://github.com/jpmedley/mdn-boilerplates](https://github.com/jpmedley/mdn-boilerplates) 

(Will) Good to have templates for each page type; for everything.

(Will) Planning: a bit late, but the projects likely to be worked on are listed in the agenda. Only major area of page-types not done are http and web extensions.  PWA, Patrick Brosset suggested it and will do a lot of the work on PWA. Web API page titles. Consistent way to list security requirements for all the APIs that have security requirements proposed by Florian. Estelle suggested consistent css module pages, creating a template for that page, and then fixing the pages to follow that template. It’s almost too late to suggest other projects, but not quite too late.

(Hamish) Is Glorian planning on rolling out those security requirements everywhere? There are problems around permissions; they have the same name, but different implementations. Not documented very well. Will Florian untangle that?

(Will) there is a task list in the [security requirements](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/146) documentation.

Hamish will chat with Florian.

(Will) Dom wrote  [https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-gaps/](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-gaps/) a while ago, but has enhanced it. Shows where we have BCD, but no docs. We should probably include it in our planning.

(Vinyl) This tool also shows what is in neither BCD or docs. BCD doesn’t add anything implemented no where so may need to refine the tool. A few entries were just added to BCD that still need MDN articles.

(Will) Some of these are low priority, but the resource is helpful.

(Vinyl) +1.

(Hamish) Was visiting Michael in Japan discussed?

(Will) No plan for it.

(Estelle) We will be meeting, hopefully, quarterly. Jory will be setting up an online, possible 3-hour meeting where everyone that was invited to London can attend

(Michael) TPAC Sep 11-15, in Sevilla spain. Possibly have a OWD meeting before TPAC.

(Estelle) Hotels are inexpensive in Sevilla; not a direct flight, but the cost savings can make it worth it.

(Will) We will be having this meeting every 4 weeks in this time slot.