# OWD Steering Committee call, 15-02-2023

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD)

**Regrets:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Estelle Weyl (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla), Michael Smith (w3c), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Jonathan Davis (Apple)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. Q1 plan: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/151](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/151) 
2. Work underway to create an OWD 2022 Report.
    - Expect this by the end of the month.
3. Project updates
    - MDN gaps for 3 -engine support [[List+Tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qsZGV2-OOAScID-UtTI33IH5Ltc7vpcTccAS2FjBcAk/edit#gid=0)]
   Good progress! Merged: 13 (16,67%) In review: 6 (Total: 24%) Left:59/78 (76%)
    - CSS Module landing pages
        - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147) 
        - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147#issuecomment-1423016041](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147#issuecomment-1423016041) 
    - BCD 2020+ data: no update
    - Performance API
        - No update this week.
    - PWA docs
        - Met on Monday, working on a list of pages to write. [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-skaKXoJ0rKhgBHchTWSTAW5dxrlmVYkPeKUWpet9nE/](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-skaKXoJ0rKhgBHchTWSTAW5dxrlmVYkPeKUWpet9nE/) 
        - Divio https://documentation.divio.com/
    - Page types
        - Filed PR for Add-ons: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/24153](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/24153)  
    - Retitle Web API pages
        - Blocked on Yari PR: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7825](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7825) (for 2 months)
4. Discussions
    - Removing “in this module” -> [https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/328](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/328)
5. Announcements
6. AOB

## Minutes

* Florian: Before my short vacation, we made a plan for Q1, so the link is there. This Quarter we didn't want one owner per project, but we set two so we don't feel lonely.
* OWD 2022 recap report: this is well underway.
* Project Update: (JYP) [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/24465](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/24465) Links to every PR in the docs
* (Estelle) Some are in, some are to be review (Filter page). There are some extra pages I worked on. It is (censored) ton of work. It is fun!
* (PWA docs) (Estelle) Patrick and I met to discuss the outline of what we want to document. There is a docs where everybody can make suggestions. We are thinking of doing 2-3 examples, with one example that goes more in depth. (Patrick) very excited, very productive meeting. Two things: a) it was weirdly organized, not in logical order, the sidebar was not helping, sometimes jumping into very specific stuff. b) Classifying the way of learning will help a lot. (Will) The Divio doc system helped a lot. (Florian) Really exciting about this!
* (Page types) (William) a bit quite, need to poke Richard about this. The biggest chunk should be "Learn" (Florian) For add-ons should we (or Ruth, or Bryan) to poke somebody (Will) I filed an issue and I'm getting positive feedback from Richard.
* (Retitle Web API): Still blocked by yari.
* That's all folks for Project Update
* (In this module) Removal will go forward!. Will ping the volunteer who proposed this in the first place.
