# OWD Steering Committee call, 01-02-2023


**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia)

**Regrets:** Michael Smith (w3c), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Jonathan Davis (Apple)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. Planning: Tentative Q1 plan: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/151](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/151) 
   - It is a short quarter only (February and March) due to holidays and our London work week.
2. Blog post about London coming soon
3. Work underway to create an OWD 2022 Report
4. Project updates
    - MDN Gaps [Jean-Yves]
        - Thank you to Dominique for the updated [mdn-gaps](https://github.com/dontcallmedom/mdn-gaps) with browser-support and stub generation.
        - I created a spreadsheet with the 78 API pages that are not documented, although supported by 3 engines. (I excluded HTML, SVG, and WebGL, which are less important): [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qsZGV2-OOAScID-UtTI33IH5Ltc7vpcTccAS2FjBcAk/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qsZGV2-OOAScID-UtTI33IH5Ltc7vpcTccAS2FjBcAk/edit#gid=0) \
  **This could be a Q1/Q2 project.**
        - I found a few API pages missing for Cascade Layers (1st PR of too is in review: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/24014](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/24014) (CSSImportRule.layerName)
        - For HTML, I hope to involve the community, but I need to create detailed instructions first (how to handle examples, obsolete features, …)
    - CSS Module landing pages
        - Template coming along
        - Progress - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147) 
    - Interop 2022 - Just an FYI: It’s complete
    - BCD [Vinyl]
        - Working on [mdn-bcd-collector](https://mdn-bcd-collector.gooborg.com/) v8 with lots more tests and improved detection
        - Once v8 is out, 2020+ API/CSS/JS project will resume
        - That project will become a yearly goal, split into multiple chunks
    - MDN Prettier [Vinyl + Brian]
        - Working on formatting all MDN docs with Prettier
        - PRs open for all English docs
        - Few bugs here and there with formatting, mostly due to wrong code syntax selected in embedded code
        - Localized content will follow after English content
        - This could be a Q1 project (Q2 for localized content)
        - [https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/362](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/362)
5. Interop 2023 launching today
    - 26 Focus Areas
    - [https://wpt.fyi/interop-2023](https://wpt.fyi/interop-2023)
6. Discussions - Pushed to next week
    - [Patrick] Dom’s page skeleton generator tool: [https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-scaffold/](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-scaffold/) 
    - [Estelle] New contributors
7. Announcements
8. AOB

## Minutes

[Florian] Planning information: tentative Q1 plan based on conversations with everyone on the team. The Quarter is fairly short. Please have a look at it, and comment about the load. I will also speak with Ruth about the shared roadmap. We will finalize it until next week,

[Florian] Blog post in progress, should be ready soon

[Florian] 2022 report planned for this month, work ongoing, listing what we have done. [Will] Please write about what you know better than me!

[Jean Yves] MDN Gps: not yet a project, but something we can do this quarter. Thanks to Dominic for the MDN gaps page. In the list we have a long tail of pages that are in the specs that are not implemented, with what has been implemented in browsers, so we know which pages are implemented in all 3 browsers but not yet documented. THere are only 78 pages that are not in one of the large missing specs, like 5 in cascade layer, but not more. I made a list of the 78 pages and i think we can tackle the 78 this quarter. We should call on the community to do the HTML as the APIs are already implemented and can be done by copying structure from existing pages. There are 4 interfaces, small ones, that do need examples. We can tailor this list of gaps so we can fill the gaps. If no objection, i will create a project issue and git’her done this quarter.

[Ruth] Thanks JY for taking stuff off my to do list.

[Florian] If we can get a project proposal, we can prioritize it. Then we can look at stuff implemented in 2 engines

[JY] We put X aside, which is why the list is so small.

[Vinyl] Let’s give ourselves a hand for all the amazing documentation that we have accomplished.

[JY] Once we are done, if we miss something, it will appear on MDN gaps that DOM created.

[Estelle] CSS Module landing pages. (Overview pages!) 2 prototypes in 2 PR. First time we will also link API pages from CSS, as well as Events. These were not documented (from CSS). Thanks, @dipika, for the help.

[Estelle] Interop 2022 is completely done (as far as we know what we have to document) [Florian] Interop 2023 will be published very soon. [Ruth] We'll look and have list [Florian] Doing reference [Estelle] Can we add an INTEROP 2023 tag? [Ruth] Yes, and we can add it to the project list together [Robert] Sneak peek in 13 minutes, and here is the link. In most cases, it should be papercuts additions/fixes to the docs

[Vinyl] BCD: increasing the number of tests the BCD collector has. Testing if features are supported in workers. Improving its coverage. Once the new version is out, it will help us with the biggest project: removing all errors from 2020 onward for all browsers and JS, CSS; API projects. As it is a big project, it will be broken into chunks and handled over the year.

[Vinyl and Bryan] Prettier. Brand new! Just started it today. We are working on formatting the whole mdn/content with Prettier. PR in for all en-US mdn/content. A few bugs here or there, but it is ongoing, and in good way. Then will be on localized-content. May be Q1 content.[Jean-YVes] Does Scope include dom-examples? [Vinyl] We could extend this if needed [Ruth] Yes, and contributors could help on this part so that it could be a low-effort addition [Florian] We should have tracking bugs so we can see things going forward [Ruth] Consistency between repo could. 

[Vinyl] We should have a GOVERNANCE.md docs to prevent problems like with WebExtensions area so that who decide what is clear for the future.

Discussion topics tabled until next week.
