# OWD Steering Committee call, 08-02-2023

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla),, Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Estelle Weyl (OWD)

**Regrets:** William Bamberg (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla), Michael Smith (w3c), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Jonathan Davis (Apple)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. Blog post about our London meetup
    - [https://openwebdocs.org/content/posts/london-meetup/](https://openwebdocs.org/content/posts/london-meetup/) 
    - [https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs/109829507896444998](https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs/109829507896444998) 
    - [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1623322292619993096](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1623322292619993096) 
    - [https://blog.mozilla.org/en/mozilla/mdn-web-documentation-collaboration/](https://blog.mozilla.org/en/mozilla/mdn-web-documentation-collaboration/)  
2. Tentative Q1 plan: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/151](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/151) 
    - We can make the final call about Q1 projects in the planning call after this.
3. Work underway to create an OWD 2022 Report.
    - Expect this by the end of the month.
4. Project updates
    - MDN gaps for 3 engine support [[Tracking](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qsZGV2-OOAScID-UtTI33IH5Ltc7vpcTccAS2FjBcAk/edit#gid=0)]
        - First PRs are in, some in review. WIP
    - CSS Module landing pages
    - BCD 2020+ data
    - Performance API
        - No update this week.
    - PWA docs
5. Discussions
    - [Patrick] Dom’s page skeleton generator tool: [https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-scaffold/](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-scaffold/)
6. Announcements
7. AOB
    - Florian out tomorrow, Friday, and Monday. Back on Tuesday.

## Minutes

* Florian - The blog post about the meetup in London is live. Please share on social media. There are posts on both the OWD and Moz blogs. Thanks to the Ruth, Hermina, Brian for the Mozilla post.
* Florian - We have a meeting after this to talk about almost finalized plan for Q1. Given it’s a short quarter, we’re pretty confident about what we will be working on, but can further discuss if there are things missing or other priorities.
* Florian - The annual report for 2022 is being worked on.There is a long list of achievements. We hope to publish it by end of month. Any questions, let us know.
* Florian - Lists of new projects is listed in the agenda (see #4). There may be more.
* Jean Yves - Working on the three engine support project. Some PRs are open. It is a work in progress, so there is not much to report. Thanks to Dom for the tweaks to the browser support tool so we can see what is…
* Estelle - Working on the CSS Module landing pages. Three are complete and live: animations, compositing and blending, and backgrounds and borders. Two are in PR. The project is achieving the goal of increased discoverability. For the first time, events and interfaces will be listed on landing pages, which is basically JS. So people will be finding about events in CSS documentation. Also, there are going to be many linkage updates. For example, the filter function pages didn’t link to the filter property pages. Also, cleaning up some pages: For example, the filter property page is a guide, so pulling that content out into a guide, and making the filter property look like other property pages.
* Florian - BCD - project to update all data released after 2020. General plan is collector moves into MDN org and we work to fix this project. Will meet with Vinyl to discuss breaking down what is BCD/Collector, in manageable bits
* Florian - Performance API - still need to work on CLS and finish it this quarter.
* Florian - PWA docs - next action is Patrick, Estelle, and Will will meet.
* Patrick - making an actionable list of actions that are less high level.
* Florian - Vinyl is working on Prettier.
* Patrick - MS works on contributing to chromium, and we are late on submitting documentation on the APIs we contribute. Looking into Dom’s tool compared to PRs, and realized that Dom’s tool would have saved us so much time, if we put in skeleton, it’s better than not having any documentation
* Estelle - concerned that there will be partial, abandoned pages, and then they won’t be listed in Dom’s tool
* JY - Do not include APIs that are not implemented; might be a good idea for interfaces, but not sure about child pages of those interface landing pages
* Patrick - Agree. Just a proposal.
* JY - we should continue to use the scaffold. Made some PRs to it. With the MDNs gaps project, will use the scaffold and will be able to improve the templates
* Florian - improving page structure , IDL structures, we want to be consistent. THe scaffold tool can help. Ideally we give it an IDL and ideally it spits out an MDN page structure, but we don’t have those page structures set yet.
* Patrick - for the next few PRs we collectively use the tool and improve it, then we can have a conversation about whether the page creation can be almost automatic.
* Florian - if at some point we realize there is a lot of work, we can create a project for a quarter instead of doing it ad hoc.
