# OWD Steering Committee call, 04-01-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD)

**Regrets:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Michael Smith (w3c), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. Happy New Year everyone! A few people are still out this week.
2. Planning
    - Use time until London to finish Q4 projects
    - Start thinking about Q1 projects and propose them using the [mdn proposal form](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/new?assignees=schalkneethling&labels=proposal%2Cneeds+triage&template=content-or-feature-suggestion.yml&title=Enter+your+proposal+here)
        - Example: [PWA](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/280) (submitted by Patrick, thank you!)
    - In London we will discuss more about the shared roadmap: [https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects/26/views/6](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects/26/views/6)
3. Project updates
    - Performance API
        - Reference: A few things left: Layout Instability, performance.now, DOMHighResTimestamp
        - Guide: tbd, Will has pending PRs.
    - BCD
    - Interop 2022 - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/137](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/137)
        - Length units left
    - Page types
        - WebExtensions will be next
        - Linting of front matter: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/issues/7900](https://github.com/mdn/yari/issues/7900)
4. Announcements
5. Discussions
    - :current/:current() - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/23242](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/23242) 
    - hsla/rgba -> [https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/312](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/312) 

## Notes

- Q1 planning/London meet-up: We expect London time will focus more on processes (meta-planning) than immediate planning as such. But good to have in mind what we will want to work on, so file ideas as projects so we can pick after London.
- Estelle: interop just needs length units updates, then we can call it done!
- Why was :current removed? Because it isn’t supported. We could put it back but it may get removed again (unsupported features regularly get removed from MDN). Rachel: it may be more confusing to omit it than to keep it, as it is unlikely to change and is closely related to other items which are supported. Verdict to keep it.
- hsla/rgba: Rachel: OK to remove but clearly note in the target pages that rgba/hsla names are also usable, as usage there is very entrenched. Verdict: remove them.