# OWD Steering Committee call, 07-09-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia), William Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Lola Odelola, Ruth John (Mozilla), Robert Nyman (Google), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. Content planning [Florian]
    - Went through existing OWD project proposals. 
    - Probably left questions at your requests. Please answer them!
    - New issue form for OWD projects: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose) 
        - Feedback?
        - If this looks good we can share it some more.
    - Content planning call next week. We will go through projects and determine which are ready for q4.
    - File new project proposals! 
2.  Welcoming Apple and Jonathan Davis to the Steering Committee!
3. GC updates
    - none
4. Website 
    - Launch this week
5. Project updates
    - Browser compatibility data [Vinyl]
        - Got virtual machines for more Safari versions set up (14 and 15.x, not including 15.0) for more results collection
        - Adding many new standard features to BCD
    - Modernizing Bob (Builder of Bits) [Vinyl]
        - Migrating to Webpack like other MDN projects and converting to ESM. Updating many dependencies in the process.
    - Modernize JS of mdn/content examples
        - We have completed this project! 
        - [https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/143#discussioncomment-3558097](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/143#discussioncomment-3558097) 
        - Thanks a lot to Jean-Yves for driving it!
    - Improve CSS formal syntax macro [Will]
        - Will finish the stragglers this week.
    - Polyfills
    - Semantic update
        - Alt attributes are moving along. Less than 180 left to go: 155 “not done”.
        - Alt attribute non-requirements
6. TPAC
    - Will is there. Who else?
7. Discussions
    - (Florian) Documenting features gated by user activation, [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/73](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/73) If anyone knows more about how this behaves in browsers, please add information to the issue!

## Notes

* Content planning (Florian). 
  -  Robert: talked about opening up proposal system publicly. Is this a good idea or not? 
  - Florian: have added hints in the form to help people file proposals as appropriate (i.e. not content bugs).
  - Vinyl: should add clear guidelines to what we are looking for in terms of project proposals. (e.g. proposals are trackable/finishable). 
  - It is already public, but (Robert) should we make more noise about it? 
  - Ruth: yes we need clear guidelines about what should be a project vs an issue on mdn/content.
* Website 
  - (Florian). Let’s launch it asap. 
  - (all) Yes.
* Bob (Vinyl). Will: if we merge Michal’s PR we can have interactive examples for web APIs. Ruth: this is still in our plans.
* Modernize JS (Florian for JYP): project is completed. Congrats!
* Alt attributes (Estelle): not limited to 125 characters. Will: we will be able to lint for missing alt attributes in future. Also, do we have meta-docs for this? Dipika: we will, yes. Dom: [https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/decision-tree/) may also be relevant re alt attributes.