# OWD Steering Committee call, 25-05-2022

**Present:** William Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla),Ruth John (Mozilla),  Rachel Andrew (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia),Dominic Cooney (Meta),

**Regrets:** Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google),** **Lola Odelola (Samsung), Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Will

**Note taker:** Vinyl

## Agenda

1. (Will)
    - Write the Docs happened! Draft blog post about Writing Day, feedback welcome as PR comments: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/website/pull/32](https://github.com/openwebdocs/website/pull/32), [https://deploy-preview-32--inspiring-snyder-9401af.netlify.app/posts/writing-day-wtd-portland-2022/](https://deploy-preview-32--inspiring-snyder-9401af.netlify.app/posts/writing-day-wtd-portland-2022/) . I’ll also write up something on the talks I attended. Great talk from Anna Gasparyan at JetBrains on the perils of content reuse: [https://twitter.com/writethedocs/status/1529147726914539520/photo/1](https://twitter.com/writethedocs/status/1529147726914539520/photo/1)  **Question**, Should we consider running a “teaching Git to tech writers” session at Write the Docs?
    - Web/API page types: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16255](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16255) . Would like to start adding these page types imminently, as it will unblock the Great Page Renaming.
2. (Estelle)
    - WTD
    - !important
    - specificity
3. (Vinyl)
    - BCD updates!
    - Translated-content: no more {{(m)anch}}
4. (Jean-Yves) (out of office today)
5. (Other)
    - Ada will take over from Lola as Samsung’s rep on the SC.

## Notes

**Will:** WtD happened earlier this week.  Estelle, Vinyl and Will hosted a table, lots of people came and did lots of work. Wrote a blog post about this, PR review welcome. Also attended some talks, including one from JetBrains.

Lots of people attending WtD had no Git experience. We taught the bare minimum of Git, but should we give an in-depth teaching session for Git? Either during WtD, or outside of the event. The Good Docs Project is thinking of doing something similar, maybe we could collaborate.

Working on Web/API page types, done a big analysis of all 6K pages and categorized them.  Comments welcome.  Would like to get started adding these page types to unblock the page renaming, getting more urgent since we can have static and instance names that are the same (raised by @foolip). Ruth: I spoke to Florian D. about this, this sounds like a great plan. Starting with page types is great. Will: once we have page types, we should be able to automate the page name updates.

**Estelle:** WtD! Team did an amazing job, Will did a great job prepping tasks, including var -> let/const, adding sidebars. Only the hard cases remain now. I approved 95 PRs, Vinyl 95, Will 102.

The `!important` doc was added, working on specificity now.

**Vinyl:** Big updates coming to BCD. Working on infrastructure behind BCD. Major update coming up: taking internal variable names so consumers can also use. Also improving linter. Migrating to typescript. Translated content has no more {{anch}} and {{manch}} macros. Now those macros can be removed.

**Other:**
  - Jean-Yves will be out for the rest of week
  - Lola will be leaving Samsung end of June, Ada will take over as the Samsung representative.
  - Lola is providing feedback to the logo designer, we should get a new revision next week. Will show next week.
