# OWD Steering Committee call, 06-07-2022

**Present:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Lola Odelola, Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Estelle Weyl (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD),  Rachel Andrew (Google), Robert Nyman (Google), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD)

**Chair:** Jean-Yves

**Note taker:** Dipika

## Agenda

- GC update 
    - JY in it for July
    - Lola and web site–won’t publish the website while Will is out, so take a couple of weeks for it-
- Staff update 
    - (Estelle) (Will) (Florian) PTO. 
    - (Jean-Yves)
        - We met last week for setting the goals for this Quarter
            - A proposal is available [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KMnWebHgceHn1tQkdZZiPNNV-Ia4XfPoHg4af7Ph5VU/edit?usp=sharing).
            - Please comment so that we can finalize this when people are back
- (Ruth) Contrib docs update
- Lola (Website updates)

## Notes

* **GC update:** Dominic - short meeting, people pout for vacation. JYP to be SC representative for July (Daniel will send the invite). 
    * Lola - needs Will’s inputs
    * JYP - generic thank you tweet to individual contributors. If done regularly, good to say what we’ve done with the money
* JYP: met to set goals for this quarter. The proposal is linked. We want to finish what we couldn't finish in the previous quarter. 
    * HTML attributes - Estelle. Attributes are not well documented. We need to agree where to put on MDN. A discussion needs to be started. Will we mimic bcd or follow like in SVG. Ruth suggests to move the discussion in community discussions from the docs.
    * Web performance improvements - Estelle. Preparation work to be done. Estelle is working with partners to have a hackathon on Q4.
    * BCD - Vinyl will work on build-time mirroring. She also wants to clean up the guidelines.
    * Page types - Web API done. Now we want to do it for HTML and CSS. We can automate the structure of the document.
    * Page titles - at risk. Dependency on Mozilla. We’ll see if we can finish it this quarter. Updating macros will be the most difficult part. (Ruth: a designer started this Monday. But engineers and designers will be busy with plus but will try to get engineers eyes on this. Schalk can help with merging.). JYP - they can review some macros. Problem with long titles?
    * Generating experimental banner - might not have time to do this. Might right the script. Pain to maintain the banner manually. Ruth - BCD-powered stuff. Dominic: Can switch from experimental trigger (from bcd) a review of the doc? Ruth: we cannot keep eyes on all browsers but we can use BCD for that. JYP: when theer is a switch API from exp to non-exp, open an issue and ask for review. We assess the state of the doc. We can choose to update doc later. Secondly, we should try to be time-agnostic when we write. If there’s a new api, we should not say that. Dominic: BCD has hierarchy…
    * Privacy docs
    * ?
    * Polyfills: consensus reached. 1 macro. Which website they’ll live on. We want to remove polyfills from MDN. list on TC39 is less good.
    * Committee project: modernize JS with a few volunteers. Some guidance with following guidelines. Old school example right now on MDN.
* Ruth: we have opened a draft PR to move our stuff. It will all be together in one place. It will be a large PR. Schalk is doing the same for community guidelines, serving with Hugo.
* Lola: can’t use hugo for the website, it makes it difficult to edit. I am going to use 11ty. uses markdown. Designing needs work. I can share the copy I have. There needs to be thought to what contribution looks like - point to MDN. 
