# OWD Steering Committee call, 17-08-2022

**Present:** Ruth John (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Florian Scholz (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google)

**Regrets:** Eric Meyer (Igalia),  Dominic Cooney (Meta),** **William Bamberg (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Robert Nyman (Google), Laura Morinigo (Samsung), Lola Odelola

**Chair**: Jean-Yves

**Note taker:** Ruth John

## Agenda

- Announcements
    - Slight change to the format of this meeting: in order to make it more interesting and less of an individual report, we will break the update by project and not by person.
    - Welcome back Florian, who is back starting today. 
    - MDN reached 2500 contributors on GitHub!
- GC updates
    - _Nothing significant_
- Project updates
    - **_Browser compatibility data_** (Speaker: Vinyl)
    - **_Modernize JS of mdn/content examples_** (Speaker: Jean-Yves)
        - We are getting close to wrap this us!
        - What we have done:
            - `var` -> `let`, `const`
            - Use strict (in)equality (`===` and `!==`) instead of `==` and `!=`
            - Use arrow functions where possible
            - Use template strings where possible
            - Get rid of idioms like `myArray.indexOf(...) !== -1` (Use `includes()`)
            - Removed coercion idioms (`+myInt` -> `Number(myInt`)), `"” + myStr`’ -> `String(myStr)`.
            - We are swapping `for(;;)` for `for…of`, `.forEach()`, and sometimes better methods like `.filter()`, or `.from()` when looping over a whole array-like structure.
            - Numerous drive-by small clean-up: better indentation, spacing, no more Hungarian notation, remove code to workaround IE6-8 or very old bugs, improve comments.
            - Fixed a lot of syntax errors with ESLint (a lot means > 300). **Overall, the examples are shorter, and easier to read.**
        - What is left:
            - Update the MDN writing guidelines for JS
            - Finish the `for(;;)`
            - There are others improvement we could do (classes, …), but we will call the project done at that point.
            - Fixing mdn/dom-examples is for another project
        - A special thank you to our volunteers: Josh-Cena, Lionsralf, Rubiesonthesky, Phosra, de-oz, PrajwalBorkar, gulllapalli9482, suryanva, …
    - **_Improve CSS formal syntax macro_** (Speaker: Jean-Yves on behalf of Will)
        - The updated macros made in Q2 2022 works pretty well, and lead to better consistency thanks to w3c/webref
        - There are a few issues detected and that need to solve:
            - Dealing with non-standard property (not in a spec) -> hardcode them (without the extra linking)
            - A few missing cases as the spec are not following the right convention (MathML). We fix the special case.
            - Too much depth for `&lt;gradient>` and `&lt;color>`, the macro has been updated and it was merged yesterday!
            - A few oddities (like repeating gradients, …) discussion in progress.
    - **_Let’s Alt all images!_** (Speaker: Estelle)
        - Down from 404 to 236 missing alt attributes
        - Attributes added are better than average
        - Someone blogged about the project
    - **_Taboo words: HTML5, CSS3_** (Speaker: Estelle)
        - HTML5 is being changed to HTML, or HTML living standard
            - Including DOCTYPE
        - Removed HTML5 Boilerplate
        - CSS3 and CSS4 is being changed to CSS or CSS Colors level 5
        - HTML5 shiv is almost removed
        - Multiple -prefix-appearance: none is now just 1.
        - Removing prefixed flex and grid
        - Changing “new” when found
        - Adding year to old external links
    - **_Polyfills_** (Speaker: Jean-Yves)
        - The first version of the PR ([https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/6902](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/6902) ) is in, waiting for a first review (I expect several passes).
        - Once this is in, we can remove all polyfills from web/javascript (as a start)
    - **_Web site_** (Speaker: Lola/Will)
- Discussion points
    - (Ruth) Query
    - (Dipika) ‘CSS’ in module page titles - reference: [#19336#comment](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/19336#issuecomment-1213750162) 

## Notes

(JY) Change a little bit how we organise the meeting. Go through projects and not personal work. Please let us know any improvements or suggestions. Welcome back Florian

(Florian) Glad to be back - all very busy while I was away, you rock!

(JY) 2500 contributions on github. Nothing important from governing committee

Modernize JS: Little bit more than a month, close to wrap up (next week). Could go on for a long time, but good to call it to an end. Removed vars (let & const), fixed non strict, arrow functions, template strings, fixed idioms, use other things other than for where possible, spacing indentations var names etc… Everything more coherent. Fixed 300+ syntax errors. Still to update writing guideline for js. Propose to do this for dom-examples.

CSS Formal Syntax: Replaced using mdn/data with webref. There’s a few issues, like non-standard properties (we’ll hard code these). Few things not in spec, and too much info with gradient and color so removed. 5-10 pages don’t have formal syntax, but should.

(Estelle) Missing alt attributes: Found 404 images with no alt attributes. Created a spreadsheet with all of them in to track, down to 236 not done so far. Attributes being added are now much better. When editing articles I still update alt attributes even if they are there. Lots of contributors, someone blogged about opening a pr.

Bring standards up: Changing HTML5 to HTML, CSS3/4 to CSS, only one HTML5 shiv left, changed links from HTML5 boilerplate to web.dev. Put date in links? Discussion

(Dipika) Looks at the different cases for external links

(Lola) Reference external links in general. Maybe something that already exists that’s appropriate.

(Estelle) Removing prefixes

(JY) Going back to polyfills and will update the yari pr

(Lola) Website handed over. Could I get permissions on gh repo - I could hand over what I’ve done, but would be better in a separate repo. Everything has changed, so would be easier. Also need to hand over assets

(Everyone) Thanks for all the wonderful work - really appreciate it

(Estelle) Also shout out to Lola for working with the designer on the logo

(Ruth) Add to OWD slack? (answer Florian)

(Dipika) About CSS titling, will talk in editorial

(Estelle) It was my one year anniversary!