# OWD Steering Committee call, 09-11-2022

**Present:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), ​​William Bamberg (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Jonathan Davis (Apple)

**Regrets:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: 

**Note taker:** 

## Agenda

1. GC update
2. Community enablement
    - JS Party
    - Moving to mastodon
    - Sponsoring front-end.social
3. Projects
    - Performance API docs: is continuing! Florian and Will have sorted out an overall structure and we are working through updating the pages.
    - BCD
        - Steady progress, [#85](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/85) and [#89](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/89) may already be complete for API folder
    - Interop 2022
    - Page types: nothing this week.
    - CSS color docs
    - Page titles
        - How can we decide whether/how to proceed? [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810) 
    - Other projects
        - CSSSyntax now supports at-rules: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22167](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22167) 
        - So so close to scrolling sidebars: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7444](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7444) 
- Discussions
    - Where should this go? ([https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/143](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/143)) ([https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/images/aspect_ratio_mapping](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/images/aspect_ratio_mapping)) 

### Notes

* Estelle recorded a podcast with JS Party; expected reach 15,000
* Estelle: move to Mastodon, sponsor fe.social? Also (async) events. Sponsorship: ask Florian to raise it in the GC meeting.
* Will: we have an overall structure for performance docs
* Vinyl: BCD is going on steady so far. Plan is to overhaul with the current script, it has become complicated over time
* Brian: first pass of Container Queries docs, will ask Estelle for review
* Will - page titles, draft PR is done but where do we do go from there? Ask Ruth and Florian for a decision.
* Dipika: reviewing at-rules PR, noticed unrelated  inconsistences (formal definition, values). Will: yes. It would be good to have page structure defined for other bits of CSS including at-rules and functions (came up with Ramiy review) we could add this along with other missing structures
* Estelle: where should we put [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/images/aspect_ratio_mapping](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/images/aspect_ratio_mapping) ? HTML or Performance. Or is it not even a useful page? Estelle will propose something here.