# OWD Steering Committee call, 19-10-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD),William Bamberg (OWD),Brian Smith (Mozilla), Jonathan Davis (Apple), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Rachel Andrew (Google), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. Thanks to everyone who proposed, triaged and voted on OWD projects.
    - The winners are:
        1. [OWD project: Update MDN Performance API docs #62](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62) 
        2. [OWD project: Revamp MDN CSS color documentation #92](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/92)
        3. [Documentation needed for Interop 2022 #137](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/137)
    -All results: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/131](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/131)
2. Projects
    - Q3 Report
        - Jean-Yves: I wrote the text for 2 of the projects (Modernization + Linting). Still need a few numbers and links, but mostly done for these
        - Estelle - added best practices section
    - Performance APIs docs
        - (Florian) Event timing API reference pages almost done renovating
        - (Florian) Needs a guide still
        - (Florian) Will present to Perf WG people for feedback
    - [Interop 2022 docs](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/137): 
        - (Jean-Yves) It would be nice to have feedback about (more) missing docs from SME.
        - (Estelle) Updated selectors 
    - CSS Colors
        - (Jean-Yves) working on hwb() docs
    - Other projects
        - (Estelle) Alt attributes: down to 124, new issue created with updated spreadsheet. Alt is now in the mdn how to.
3. GC updates
    - (Florian) Briefly discussed how sponsors use the quarterly report. Conclusion: It might be enough to produce a report twice a year. Especially if we blog about our projects on a regular basis.
4. New docs written by OWD during the last week
    - hidden=until-found
        - Still need to tweet about it

## Notes

* **Q4 planning**: **Ruth**: Interop is also on Mozilla’s list. So let’s talk and share it. **Robert**: for Interop 2023 have worked with frameworks and large companies beyond browser vendors. **Robert**: do we have thoughts on how to map projects to writers? **Florian**: everyone can do everything. **Estelle**: there are many sub projects in Interop. **Florian**: also we have some carry-over projects, and day to day work. What this really means is we are committing to three things that the SC thinks are important. 
* **Performance docs**: **Florian**: will seek feedback from Perf WG. **Ruth**: is there a tracking issue for this? **Florian**: it is the OWD project, will add more when the event timing work is done. **Robert**: Jon: would be good to have votes from Apple. **Jon**: will look.
* **Quarterly reports**: **Will**: is the content appropriate? Too long? **Robert**: the content is good.
