# OWD Steering Committee call, 15-12-2022

**Present:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Michael Smith (w3c), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD).

**Regrets:**  Brian Smith (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Florian Scholz (OWD).

**Chair**: Will

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. About this meeting.
2. Q4 check-in on Wednesday: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#heading=h.ecgk0qand0b3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#heading=h.ecgk0qand0b3) , summary:
    - Done:
        - BCD updates for Q4 browser releases (Vinyl)
        - Container queries (Brian/Estelle)
        -JS page types (Will)
        - Alt text (Estelle)
    - In progress:
        - Performance API updates (Florian) - will be mostly done on this Q, will finish in January
        - Fix errors in BCD back to 2020 (Vinyl) - will split remaining work into a new issue
        - Color docs (Jean-Yves)
        - Interop 2022: lots of progress, a few bits remaining
3. Q1 planning
    - We're not Q1 planning in December, partly because of the London meetup and partly because of the roadmap. Instead we will spend early January finishing off Q4 stuff and planning for the meetup, and aim to get Q1 goals out of the meetup.
4. Project updates
    - Performance API
        - All reference docs updated except Layout instability, which is coming next.
        - Guide pages still need updates
        - Example websites? Probably a follow-on project for this.
    - BCD
        - Now working on submitting pull requests for all updates from the update-BCD script rather than updates specific to a certain time frame
    - Interop 2022
        - Few items left
    - Page types: lots of page types are drafted and ready
        - JavaScript merged this week
        - SVG merged this week
        - HTML: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22705](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22705) 
        - HTTP: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22761](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22761) 
        - WebExtensions is next (to help with tag removal)
5. Announcements

## Notes

Will - about meeting. Happens every week, but in a European / American friendly time zone. We talk about what has been accomplished and what is upcoming, and to get feedback on what should be addressed. This is the first in a different time zone, and will aim to do it every 4 weeks. The next time will be the week after the London meeting, and after that the schedule should be more regular.

Will - quarterly checkin did not address next quarter, but rather overview of what has been accomplished this quarter. 

Xidorn - canva front end engineer, coming from Mozilla

Everyone introduce themselves

Michael - alternative rep from w3c

Hamish - Mozilla FF API documentation.

Vinyl - works for both MDN and OWD on BCD in a tie-dye!!!

Dipika - Toronto, and almost a year on MDN!

Will - MDN, before as Moz, now as OWD.

Will - in the minutes you’ll see a bunch of accomplishments for the quarter and the list above. Now that alt attributes are done, the CI has been merged so no empty alt attributes will be added. Fixing BCD errors is still in progress.  \
Vinyl - What’s left is to add a system for statistics. Correcting all errors since 2020+ is done. Working on all browsers, not just 2020+

Colors are being worked on. Interop 2022 has a lot of progress but there are still a few issues that are not yet complete.  \
Q1 planning will be done in London, where we can sync with Mozilla on a shared road map that we will work on together. So, the first 2 weeks will be finishing up Q4, and then Q1 work will start after the meetup.

Will - Perf API (see agenda). We haven’t done anything on showing before and after perf yet; we may do it as a different project.  Example sites are hard to do. 

Vinyl - BCD update was already covered. 

Will - page types - js and svg page types have been merged. THere are issues with http. Web extensions are next. Page types will help with sidebar; tags will no longer be needed. After merge, there will be 2 places that use tags: SVG side bar and web extensions. SVG may need a new sidebar, Web Extensions need a new sidebar, based on the http one that Ankar did. Then all that will be left will be deprecating the non-standard stuff Hamish is working on.

Estelle - will, vinyl, and Estelle will be there. Dipika needs a visa. Michael can reach out to Dominique and Robert to see if attending makes sense. Canva is unlikely to be there.

This is the first one. Hoping to do it at least once a year, preferably with more planning. 

Xidorn: maybe in association with TPAC.

Michael: difficult for w3c to do it around TPAC b/c TPAC is exhausting.

Estelle: how about before TPAC b/c OWD/MDN is less exhausting than TPAC

Michael: TPAC will likely be at the end of October, in Europe, dates aren’t set yet. But should be set in a few weeks.