# OWD Steering Committee call, 22-06-2022

**Present:** Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Eric Meyer (Igalia), William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Lola Odelola (Samsung)

**Regrets:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Estelle

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

- GC update 
    - Mozilla potentially migrating to GitHub enterprises
    - Lola invited to be an independent SC member
- Staff update 
    - (Vinyl)
        - BCD build-time mirroring completed
            - Synced with Fyrd (CanIUse) to ensure BCD data is properly rendered again
        - GlobalEventHandlers demixing nearly complete, but will have to roll over to Q3
    - (Estelle) 
        - Cascade, specificity and inheritance tutorials (complete)
        - Learn Cascade Layers (WIP)
        - Specificity: lots of traction
    - (Will)
        - CSSSyntax macro rewrite is so close
        - Page types for Web/API are so close
        - Working on Q2 report this week and next
        - Thank yous+survey for WtD volunteers
- Impact report Q2 2022 (Robert)
    - Needed for stakeholders and investors
    - Possible time for delivering it? Mid-July?
    - Owner? Will
- Branding update
- Other discussions
- Announcements
- (if there is time: share MDN traffic information)(Robert)

## Minutes

* GC update: 
    * will discuss more with Mozilla about the GitHub Enterprises move, to understand it better. Ruth and Schalk have made a document outlining the pain points and will discuss this internally. Robert: GC can help provide supporting arguments.
    * The website should use the proper logo for Meta. Dominic will help Lola with getting the correct logo.
    * Individual membership for SC.
* Vinyl:
    * Build-time mirroring to auto-update data for derivative browsers (e.g. Chrome Android). Big improvement in maintainability.
    * Estelle: what is the timeframe to remove IE/Opera from BCD? Ruth: Ie is not EOL yet. Could maybe remove from table end of year, but keep in data for 2 years.
* Will:
    * Ruth: discussion on Slack about page titles. Let’s try to maintain the consensus that we have already.
* Lola:
    * Logo: still no update from Vladimir, could Vinyl help? Yes. Let’s finish the logo ourselves or with another artist.
    * Needs a little more time to finish website.
* Dominic: can I talk to Estelle about cascade layers? Ruth: had a survey on these on MDN, will share some results next week.
