# OWD Steering Committee call, 04-05-2022

**Present: **Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla),  Eric Meyer (Igalia), Robert Nyman (Google)

**Regrets:** Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Rachel Andrew (Google), Jory Burson (Guest), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Estelle

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

**Agenda**

1. (Estelle)
    - Meeting administration
    - Hack on MDN in association with front end developer conferences
        - Amsterdam: CSSDay ( june 12), , perf.Now() (Nov 10 or 13),
        - Online / Sydney: hover, lazy load, aaa, Safe, Global Scope, Code
    - Cascade Layers: CSS cascade
2. (Florian)
    - The discussion on how to deal with GlobalEventHandlers in BCD and on MDN is stuck. [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7545](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7545)
3. (Vinyl)
    - Working on various things for BCD as usual
4. (Jean-Yves)
    - Working on CSS Colors:
        - Coordinating with the page-type project: there are strange page that we want to structurally match the page-type of CSS.
    - Lots of review and fixes OnkarRuikar reorganization of page, makes us discover a lot of anomalies.
    - Worked with Florian to find why we had ~5000 flaws related to sidebar. Most of them fixed (Consequence of deleting mixing, reorg events)
5. (Will)
    - CSS formal syntax: updating this to use webref and a better presentation: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/4656](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/4656) - I think this is pretty close to being ready, and I will un-draft it today. Thanks @tidoust for all the help navigating webref!
    - Have finally started on page types. Draft of CSS page types: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/15540](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/15540)
6. OWD Branding (Lola)
    -
7. Announcements and other topics
    - Question: (JY) sponsorship of WTD. Is there something we have to do?
        - (Florian) Open Collect has a temporary delay with PayPal payments. It should be back soon and then our sponsorship will be paid.
        - (Florian) We should prepare an announcement post and register for Writing Day (like we did for Prague)
    - Discussion: Hack on MDN: running, funding, and new name?

**Notes:**

* **Estelle**:
  * 2 or 3 Hack on MDN events organized with some conferences. We will speak about it later when we get nearer the time.
  * Working on cascade layer
* **Florian:**
  * PRs about GlobalEventHandlers are a bit stuck. Please look at them, maybe we can go forward. Else it will stay there. **Vinyl:** It will be a subject of the BCD meeting after that.
  * We need a structure to prevent duplication of pages and to summary before my vacation.
* **Vinyl**:
  * Working on events.
* **Jean-Yves**:
  * Working on Colors: coordination with the page-type project interesting: moving pages to a different structure. One PR is in, to be reviewed, than I’ll move the other ones.
* **Will**:
  * Formal syntax with css pages: this going well, PR really likely not a draft PR anymore. François Daoust from W3C was of great help there.
  * Page-types. CSS is progressing. Conservative with amount of different page-types. Analysis is important: analysis of latter group (not CSS) will likely influence CSS too.
* **Lola:**
  * Julia May 26th not doable. But end of June doable. And more branding than the logo. (colors, …)
* **Jean-Yves:**
  * what about WTD? **Florian: ** sponsorship ongoing. We need to write announcemenet (AP: JY) and to write PR for WTD (AP: W).
* **Estelle**.
  * Hack on MDN: Some are specifics (WebDirections, Performance,… ). They are interested but we have to lead and fund (helps with in-person, rooms, caterers). Are we interesting in doing? **Robert:** interested, but nothing to commit in Q2 at least. **Estelle:** online ones pretty inexpensive, in-person is more expensive (~4000 USD) **Florian: **Let’s make a pitch document
