# OWD Steering Committee call, 23-11-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla),  William Bamberg (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD)

**Regrets:** ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian 

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. GC updates
    - GC agreed to sponsor mastodon instance front–end.social
    - OWD is on mastodon: [https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs](https://front-end.social/@openwebdocs) 
    - Figuring out a meetup in London in January with Mozilla.
2. Projects
    - Performance API
        - Tracking issue: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62) (all PRs are always linked from there in case you want to follow along)
        - Submitted PRs to update main Performance interface pages
            - [cleanup for user timing pages](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22309) (turns out perf.measure is quite complex)
            - A new API: [measureUserAgentSpecificMemory](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22476)
            - Cleanup for [resource timing buffer pages](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22446)
        - [Cleaning up PerformanceResourceTiming pages](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22503) to provide better examples
        - Brainstorming with Will and Brian on the guide.
    - BCD
        - Working on removing all the obsolete features from BCD ([linter](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/17743), [api/ PR](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/18258))
        - May need to overhaul update-bcd script sooner than expected
    - Interop 2022
        - Estelle is working on Dialog and inert
    - Page types
        - (Will) Josh is interested in getting JS pages types done, so there should be some movement here soon.:  ​​[https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156) 
    - Page titles
        - [https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/248#discussioncomment-4211620](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/248#discussioncomment-4211620) 
    - Colors
    - Other
        - Alt attributes: There are 27 empty alt attributes left across all of mdn/content
        - Web/API sidebars, removing custom macros:
            - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22486](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22486) 
            - [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7646](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7646) 
            - [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7645](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7645) 
        - (Vinyl) Yari getting converted to ESM
        - (Vinyl) mdn-bob nearly ready for new version release
- Announcements
    - Thursday / Friday is a USA holiday
- Other
    - (Ruth) Question: Rationale behind no code in headings [https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/271#discussioncomment-4184294](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/271#discussioncomment-4184294) 
    - (Patrick) Question about the PWA docs on MDN.

## Notes

* Mastodon: Estelle is going to meet with the admin to talk about sponsorship. Ruth: Mozillla doesn’t want to overwhelm the instance by joining at this time but will do something Mastodon-y. Estelle will talk to Schalk about it.
* BCD cleanup:
    * Patrick: asked for clarity about “obsolete” guidelines: it is at [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/blob/main/docs/data-guidelines/index.md#removal-of-irrelevant-features](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/blob/main/docs/data-guidelines/index.md#removal-of-irrelevant-features) 
    * Brian: Is there action needed from MDN on BCD’s obsolete-removal project: yes, we’ll need to remove the pages. 
* Estelle: when updating an HTML page, consider whether the ARAI role also needed to be updated.
* No code in headings: 
    * Ruth and Will are uncomfortable with it but have no good reasons why. It stops us using titles as plain text. Julien has good arguments from the l10n point of view. Florian: we should still require descriptive headings (rather than just “using `xyz`).
    * Consensus is that we are happy with this change.
* PWAs: Ruth: we don’t know who the authors are and ack that it is out of date, especially manifest. 
    * Roadmap item? Ruth: yes. Still figuring out the final form for a roadmap, so can’t ask Patrick to write a roadmap item yet.
    * Giving structured feedback about things that need to be addressed helps us to have effective projects.
    * PWA docs crossover domains, which MDN does not handle well.