# OWD Steering Committee call, 06-04-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Will Bamberg (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Robert Nyman (Google)

**Regrets:** Jory Burson (Guest), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil),  Jon Davis (Apple),  Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. [OWD Impact report Q1](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17mKLR7q16GRgENZr1xS4cixUCdD3i9hKkdYFGF2ftbU/edit#)
    - Everyone wrote up a summary on the things we’ve done in Q1
    - Will gathered metrics and created charts again
    - Feedback please
    - Aiming to publish next week sometime
2. (Florian)
    - Still working on events. WindowEventHandlers and GlobalEventHandlers remaining.
3. (Will)
    - Getting metrics for the impact report
    - Eric Bailey is leaving the mdn/content team :( [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/14708](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/14708)  Thanks go to him for all his work.
    - WtD update - we will sponsor and do Writing Day.
4. (Vinyl)
    - Removing irrelevant BCD flag data
    - Have Mozilla contract start date
        - Daniel Beck opened PR for release script, need to test run
    - Working on the OWD logo w/ Estelle - [https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/RwxxqOB](https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/RwxxqOB) 
5. (Estelle)  
    - Accessibility & Admin
    - See 3(c)
    - Volunteer reviewer
6. (Jean-Yves)
    - Working on CSS colors
        - Refactoring bcd as it is all flat (and unreadable). [Issue](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/15646). PR coming in this week.
        - Putting the functions into the right form: [hsl()](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/14651) almost done (added an example to show it works well with conic-gradient()), hwb() in progress. 
        - Created a new Glossary entry ([gamut](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Gamut)). More to come.
        - Restructuring the long [color()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value) page
            - Color keywords are on their [subpage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/color_keywords) now
            - System keywords almost in their subpage ([PR in review](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/14647))
7. (Florian) Q2 goals are set!
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/95](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/95) 
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/99](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/99) we will think more about this.

## Notes

- **Florian**: Monthly report abandoned, we do a more comprehensive quarterly report. We want to publish next week, so give us feedback. We speak about metrics and projects

- **Florian**: Working on WindowEventHandlers, last bit of Events

- **Will**: Mostly got metrics for the report and some code so that we are better organized and we can reproduce them and not have opaque metrics

- **Robert**: automating. How long did it take. 

- **Will**: this time some time, but less the next time. Fetching github api and then some code to take data outside. But in Q2 it would be much quicker unless we change the metrics. First time we switched to this format, so we needed to think about it.

- _Write The Docs_: Portland, end of May, sponsoring and going. Discussion about involement should happen. We need a logo for sharing

- **Will**: Eric Bailey is leaving the content team. Thanks to him!

- **Estelle:** the team likes basic, this is logo for text version. The other option will be colorless as we want to pick a color like everybody likes.

- Play with th logo tool on codepen.io.

- **Jean-Yves:** (see above)

- **Robert:** What about Dominic Cooney’s issue. More use case driven docs. It solves actual problems and also will help us raise in Google results.