# OWD Steering Committee call, 21-09-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), ​​Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Robert Nyman (Google), Lola Odelola, William Bamberg (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia),  Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Ruth John (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jonathan Davis (Apple),

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. Holidays
    - Jean-Yves until October 3rd.
2. Summary from the content planning call:
    - We will consider new projects until October 1st for Q4 planning.
    - Project request can still be made here: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose) 
    - Another content planning call to go through the rest and new projects on October 5th. See invite.
    - To further increase engagement within the SC, we will bring back voting. The idea is that every SC member can hand in their top 3 projects from the list of  projects that we marked as "ready".
    - Q4 tracking issue: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/131](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/131) 
3. Feedback on OWD prioritization process
    - Robert filed [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/128](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/128) 
    - Thoughts?
    - Do we need to update the [OWD prioritization criteria](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/prioritization-criteria.md)?
4. Project updates
    - (Florian) Published a page about APIs gated by user activation. [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1570734318728642560](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1570734318728642560)  \
Still figuring out how to add that info to the individual API pages in [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/20435](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/20435) 
    - Cascade Layer Learn building block  [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/20755](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/20755) 
5. TPAC
    - Slides: [https://wbamberg.github.io/tpac-owd-2022/](https://wbamberg.github.io/tpac-owd-2022/) 
    - Minutes: [https://www.w3.org/2022/09/14-open-web-docs-minutes.html](https://www.w3.org/2022/09/14-open-web-docs-minutes.html) 


## Notes

Content planning call. We did not have time to go over all the projects. New projects will still be accepted until October 1st for Q4 planning. We agreed we will bring back voting.

Feedback on OWD prioritization process. Robert filed [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/128](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/128) 

(Robert) To the GC and to browser vendors, documentation is really important as a whole. What has landed and what is on track. Filed to start the discussion to discuss the criteria as to what should get added and be focused on. 


(Rachel) Container queries, modal, etc. We want to be able link to MDN on these new features, but sometimes they’re not documented or don’t have a BCD. These core new features are super important to developers. How can we get them documented? The interop gives us a heads up as to what is coming.


(Ruth) Mozilla was discussing this. Dipikah is working on container queries as we speak. 


(Florian) OWD doesn’t produce a backlog of features. Our selection criteria is quite good, if people file project proposals for these high visibility landings, this will likely get worked on.


(Ruth) spent the last quarter focusing on this and identifying the backlog. Whether they’re landing on MDN or OWD, they should be relatively easy to prioritize


(Rachel) Safari: if it’s in their beta, it’s coming out.


(Dominique) OWD is on a quarterly planning, Changes in platform come in between. 


(Florian) Rachel and Ruth both have backlogs. Makes no sense to create a third. Let’s work together to review the two backlogs in existence


(Robert) Shared backlog should be on MDN b/c people are going to file issues on MDN for all of these. Maybe content planning should be monthly instead of quarterly.


(Ruth) Maybe the content planning process (I think MDNs) enable people to propose changes instead of only internal. If public, addressing the backlog will be easier. There are many enthusiastic volunteer contributors. They like direction.


(Florian) Coordination needs to happen. This weekly meeting is a good place for it.


(Robert) we could add an agenda item for this during our weekly meeting. Standup on what is being addressed or present the list weekly. BCD: might be a way of helping people figure out what needs to be documented. Existing docs also need to be updated when needed.


(Rachel) MDN does have CSS intro docs on stuff with a lot of interest coming down the pipe, but the main issue is APIs. Methods are getting added automatically to BCD as they get support. 


(Florian) there is no automation to figure that out. Maybe exploring webref tools. 


(Ruth) We can’t doc too early. Vinyl was discussing this at TPAC. When people are writing the specs, they’re excited about it. We could leverage that excitement to write during the spec development process.


(Rachel) That doesn’t work. Getting engineers to write the docs is a challenge.


(Dominique) How can we feed these things to the stream of volunteers? We can funnel the resources we have to that kind of work and keep the bigger structural changes to the permanent team.


(Lola) Institutions can be leveraged. Boot camps, etc. can be incentivized, such as additions to CVs.


(Ruth) Get lola and Schalk to discuss.


(Will) We know about documentation that is out of date it is by bugs that are files. Is that an adequate process or do we need more tooling? Should things in BCD that are not in MDN be automatically flagged.


(Robert) When new things land in BCD, even if manual, a list should be created to check if there is associated documentation. Not sure if that is too much work or if the list will be too long. Spending 3 months creating an automated process may not be the solution.


(Dominique) can take a quick stab at looking at what is in webref, bcd, and mdn to see where there are gaps and take a look at that hopefully not too long list. If the list of gaps includes old stuff, not a priority, but … will try to get something out for next week to see if it’s something we can wrap our head around


(Ruth) Webref would be an interesting experiment.


(Will) Container queries were submitted in june.


(Estelle) We have a rule where stuff doesn’t get added if it isn’t supported if it isn’t in 2 browsers, so according to our rules we couldn't have written in.


(Ruth) We did start working on it before it was in two browsers, but the visibility of the stuff being written on may be something to be worked on.


(Ruth) We all collectively know we need to enable easier visibility into what is being addressed.