# OWD Steering Committee call, 13-07-2022

**Present:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Lola Odelola, Laura Morinigo (Samsung), Rachel Andrew (Google)

**Regrets:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Ruth John (Mozilla)

**Chair:** Jean-Yves

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

- Welcome Laura!
- GC update 
    - Select project: the GC should look about how we should select them
- Staff update 
    - (Will) (Florian) PTO. 
    - (Jean-Yves)
        - The [discussion](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/143) about modernizing JS has been published on JS Weekly. Since yesterday, it has settled down and I think we are close from a consensus. Next step: close the discussion and open a PR to update the guidelines
        - Experimenting  with YAML and `polyfill` to add support for polyfills
        - Lots of review \
Joshua Chen (Josh Cena) is doing a lot of good updates to our JS documentation. They are really good, even if sometimes they are a bit too “speccy” (using terminology from the spec)
    - (Estelle)
        - Finishing up CSS Cascade tutorial.
    - (Vinyl) 
        - GlobalEventHandlers is almost completely removed from BCD and content (thanks Philip for deobfuscating the events and Jean-Yves for all the reviews)
        - Oculus Browser data has been added to BCD (thanks Dominic)
            - I should be able to maintain this, as long as an Oculus Browser engineer can maintain release data
        - Working on revising BCD’s contribution documentation, inspired by Ruth’s contribution docs overhaul for MDN
        - Need to plan out BCD projects
- Lola (Website updates)

## Notes

Laura will be joining in on behalf of Samsung

**Dominic: **GC was very light. Pendulum on what to write has swung from top down to bottom on, we should likely reflect on this change.

**JY: **Agreed. We should address this before the end of quarter so we can apply a revised process for Q4 if we want to revise it.

**JY: **Modernizing JS, with link published on a mailing list. About 20 people have contributed to the linked discussion. Overall people seem happy with the updates and provided useful feedback. We should prioritize which topics we should focus on. Conversation was very busty but has calmed down. Will be closing discussion next week. Also experimenting with front matter(?) and polyfills. We have to revisit all the polyfills we have and evaluate whether we want to keep them. There have been a lot of contributor activity: PR reviews and contributions. Some PRs are great. Some are worded too close to the specifications; which is correct but complex, so reviews are good buy do take time.

**Estelle**: Since the last meeting, I’ve taken a week-long vacation, which was fantastic. Happy to see the wonderful work done on reviewing all the content PRs.

Still working on the CSS cascade layers tutorial. Was two-thirds done before I left, estimating two weeks before completion. \
Also brainstormed projects for quarterly projects.

**Dominic**: I would like to speak w/ Estelle about the HTML Attribute projects. There is a lot of complexity, like reflected attributes, … **Estelle**: There is a lot of problems in our snippet: no id attributes, no value for buttons, … In general, we need to help developers to find what they need to find: there are super-useful attributes. We need to highlight them and adhere to more good practices.

**Vinyl:** GlobalEventHandlers is the last one we need to do and is almost removed. Likely done by end of week. Thanks to Phillip and JY for deobfuscating and PR reviewing respectively. Oculus browser data can be maintained. Need assistance with release information. Working of BCD documentation; rewriting with goal of making it easier for new contributors to contribute. Lastly, need to plan out new projects for BCD. At the moment its global event handlers for the entire quarter. 

Lola: ported everything to eleventy. Showed current status. Needs logo for samsung internet. Donate is an iframe so look is different. Meta logo is slowing web page, so we need a shrunken file size

Estelle: try SVGOMG.
