# OWD Steering Committee call, 30-03-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Jory Burson (Guest), Ruth John (Mozilla), Will Bamberg (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Rachel Andrew (Google) 

**Regrets:** Robert Nyman (Google), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil),  Jon Davis (Apple),  Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. Florian
    - Writing a blog post about our events work
        - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/website/pull/16](https://github.com/openwebdocs/website/pull/16) 
    - Events work mostly reviewed. Just missing the last two pieces: the WindowEventHandlers and GlobalEventHandlers mixin events.
    -The team met and proposes the following Q2 projects ([https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/95](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/95)) 
        - [Revamp our CSS color documentation](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/92) [@teoli2003](https://github.com/teoli2003)
        - [Page Types](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/91) [@wbamberg](https://github.com/wbamberg)
        - [Branding: Open Web Docs Website](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/54) [@wbamberg](https://github.com/wbamberg), [@Elchi3](https://github.com/Elchi3), [@estelle](https://github.com/estelle)
        - [CSS Cascade Layers](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/94) [@estelle](https://github.com/estelle)
        - [Performance docs](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62) [@Elchi3](https://github.com/Elchi3)
        - BCD [@queengooborg](https://github.com/queengooborg)
            - Converting BCD to ESM
            - [Regularize feature namespaces for CSS, HTML, HTTP, and JavaScript](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/80)
            - Regrouping as a new owners group and then deciding about more projects
2. Vinyl
    - All events are now migrated aside from the last two (mixins)
    - Estelle and I started working on a new logo for OWD
    - Working on closing out the BCD issue backlog
    - Working with Mozilla for a new contract to maintain BCD
3. Jean-Yves
    - Working on events: cleaning {{event}} macro now that we have the definitive links
4. Estelle
    - Website
    - ARIA widgets. 
    - {{draft}}
    - .html to .md
5. Will
    - Working on Q1 report, and things for the website
    - I’ve been getting better/more reliable metrics about our work and about MDN.
        -  mdn/content gets 500-700 PRs every month, (i.e. about 20 a day),
        - from about 200 distinct contributors, most of whom we never see again.
        - we will reach 2000 contributors in a few weeks time.
        - Keeping on top of this is a big part of OWD’s work. Would like to write a blog post about this.

## Notes

- Florian: Blog posts: Will finished a post about Markdown migration. Florian started one about Events.
- Florian: Events project is mostly finished. Two big interfaces left WEV and GEV. Philipp J. gave us some very useful feedback
- The team met to decide what we’ll be working on in Q2. Estelle created an issue in GitHub.
   - JY: color, INTEROP 2022. Old documentation, let’s have something better
   - Page-type: Define page types especially for reference pages. Then we can rules for each page type
   - Launch our website
   - CSS Cascade Layer (Estelle): browser are focussing on it too  (INTEROP-2022).
   - Performance API docs (Florian) We got the request quite long ago and Florian wants to finally address this
   - Vinyl and BCD: it is a good time to convert BCD to ESM (almost an operational necessity) and regularize the feature name space to remove incoherence. As Daniel is stepping down as owner of BCD, there may be some Q2 reshuffle stuff in BCD, so we’ll get together about it also in the Quarter.
   - Not everything will start right on April 1st.
- Discussion about layers b/w Ruth and Estelle
- Ruth: contribution docs will be done by Dipikah in Q2.
- Dominic: Are we doing more API completionalism? Florian: more balance between infrastructure and writing. Estelle and JY: there is definitively guide work in our projects.
- What feedback from the SC do we want? Florian: Whether there are things that are missing or should be prioritized, or if there is some strong disagreement. And any feedback that can help further shape these project (e.g. don’t forget this guide, or this bit of page-type because the use case is important for me). So, feedback on the specific project and overall prioritization.
- Estelle: Please file issues when guide are missing. They are not necessary discoverable (by writers)
- Florian: keep the feedback coming! We’ll find crossover too with MDN Q2 plans (Florian and Ruth to connect on this)
- Vinyl: OWD logo work and meetings (with Estelle)
- Vinyl: Going through BCD backlogs! Some not relevant, some resolved but also merging old one
- Vinyl: announcement: I’m working with Mozilla to have a contract for BCD (work on releases, …)
- Jean-Yves: {{event}}
- Estelle: please answer the website question in slack:  5 sites you like and 5 sites you dislike.
- Estelle: 2.5 aria widget to do but 7 not yet merged. Will go in Q2 but not much.
- Estelle: No more {{draft}} after that. A few old HTML files will be redirected of deleted afterward.
- Will: working on Q1 report.
