# OWD Steering Committee call, 08-06-2022

**Present:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Dominic Cooney (Meta), William Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** Lola Odelola (Samsung), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Vinyl

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. (Estelle)
    - [!important](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/important) - new documentation
    - [Specificity](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/17089) - complete rewrite
    - [Viewport meta tags](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Viewport_meta_tag) - rewrite / close issue
    - [Opensource funding & sponsoring](https://www.contributing.today/?12) panel discussion, Contributing Today
2. (Lola) (absent)
    - Starting coding for the OWD website this upcoming Monday
    - Followed up with JetBrains on the OWD logo
3. (Vinyl)
    - Converting BCD internals to TypeScript to help eliminate many code issues, almost finished
    - BCD’s public TypeScript definitions are now auto-generated
    - Working on demixing GlobalEventHandlers
4. (Will)
    - [Page types for Web/API](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16255) are done (6000 pages have page-type) except for 12 “typedef” groups of pages that Jean-Yves is working on removing.
        - Next up might be to update our Web/API sidebars to use them instead of tags.
        - Also this enables [the Great Renaming](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/5121) which it would be really good to move forward with
    - [CSSSyntax macro update](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/4656)  is stalled in review.
        - Patrick Brosset (Edge, ex-Mozilla) just [filed an interesting issue about mdn/data](https://github.com/mdn/data/issues/585) which is relevant to the next phase of using webref instead of mdn/data.
    - Will will start work on the OWD Q2 report this week. Same format as Q1.
    - [var-> const/let cleaning](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16662) is continuing: we have some volunteers working through it. They still need quite a bit of help but they are getting there :).
    - Container Queries: Jen Simmons filed [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16862](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16862) - it seems like there is some work to do here.
    - Mandatory Estelle's joke.
5. (Jean-Yves)
    - Cleaning the typedef that we want to go away for a long time
        - DOMString, USVString, CSSOMString and co (still one PR to get in)
        - ArrayBufferView (in progress)
        - DOMTimestamp and EpochTimeStamp (Done, PR in)
    - Next and final here:
        - DOMHighResTimestamp (96 occurrences)
        - BufferSource (96 occurrences)
        - CanvasImageSource
        - 2 Web RTC directory.
    - Planning Q3 2022: we'll start selection the week after (a lot of people out next week)
        - **PLEASE: add proposals to the OWD repo.** (We have a specific label so that we consider it (Q3 2022 Proposal); If you can't set labels there, ask us and we add to it.): [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22proposed+for+Q3+2022%22](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22proposed+for+Q3+2022%22)
    - Done a lot of reviews (>400 in May)
6. (Other) \


## Notes

* (Dipika): let’s thank WtD contributors and ask them for feedback about how they thought it went.
* (Vinyl):
    * if you have questions/feedback for Lola about the website/logo, let her know in Slack (DM or website channel).
    * Would love help with event demixing
* (Will):
    * Page types merged last week, twelve remain (JY working on removing).
    * We may or may not want to update the sidebars to use page types, may want to hold off until short titles are in
    * Should be good to move forward with the great renaming (see linked discussion for more)
    * CSSSyntax blocked on review since Claas is on paternity leave
        * Patrick Brosset filed an interesting issue regarding mdn/data: (Jean-Yves) would like to figure out what to do about formal def values that are partly prose (like “applies to”). Can we treat most of them as data and a few exceptions as prose? Would be good to upstream changes into webref/specs.
    * (Ruth): re Container Queries: Firefox will be adding support soon and Dipika will take care of writing docs for it.
