# OWD Steering Committee call, 05-10-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Jonathan Davis (Apple), William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Lola Odelola,  Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Rachel Andrew (Google), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** ​​Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia),  Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Lola Odelola,  Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Ruth John (Mozilla)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. Quarterly planning
    - Submissions closed for Q4. Will look through backlog and triage after this call.
    - Only 2 new external proposals were made. How to do better? What prevented you from filing a proposal?
2. Quarterly reporting
    - Starting to create the Q3 report. Tracking issue: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/owd-website/issues/42](https://github.com/openwebdocs/owd-website/issues/42) 
3. Projects
    - Website
        - Launched!
        - [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1577327927510835200](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1577327927510835200) 
4. GC updates
5. New documentation written by OWD in the last week
    - Learn tutorial on Cascade Layers [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Cascade_layers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Cascade_layers) 
        - Tweet this?
    - MDN CSS pages have page types
        - Tweet?
    - User Activation API
        - Should be on MDN within the next few hours. Will tweet about it.

## Notes

* [Robert] Do we have more proposals with the form or without? We had more proposals without the form. Interop 2023 can be a laundry list (as it has 48 proposals) [Florian] We were hoping more. We can extract some things from Dominique's tool.
* [Florian] We are starting to write the quarterly report, with stats and everything.
* [Florian] We launched the website. Thank you all!
* [Robert Nyman] GC update: - funding, planning for next year, thinking about inflation
* [Florian] Tweet about Cascade Layers / CSS page types / User Activation API
* [Robert] Filling the pipeline with data from WebKit and Google (Intent to Implement, Chrome status, Blog posts, …) 
* [Dipika] Ruth's document has a bucket list. Once we have it, we could have champions for each of them, and connect to know what is ready for documentation. 
* [Rachel] 1. Each month, look at what is new this month by looking at what has landed in stable browser releases. Especially those without bcd. We should first document new things that landed, and then go through the backlog. Some features land without documentation and this is bad. (Container Queries, for example) Having minimal documentation would be great 
* [Florian] Philipp and Vinyl are working with automation to have BCD always up-to-date and this could be a starting point. We are missing a process.
* [Robert] It would be good that a list is in the open, so that we can add extra information. 
* [Rachel] CSS features that are landing cross-browsers should be prioritized
* [Jon] Brian Kardell at Igalia is building a tool to know what is new in bcd, and this can be used as a signal to what is missing. A kind of RSS feed doing diffs with release notes. And we maybe can use this to fill issues that we can prioritize afterwards. 
* [Will] Do you think this discussion should have an effect on Q4 planning? Should we take a few days now? 
* [Robert] I would say yes, as it will set the standard for the next few years. 