# OWD Steering Committee call, 14-09-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), ​​Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Lola Odelola, William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD)

**Regrets:** Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. Upcoming holidays
    - Jean-Yves until October 3rd.
2. Content planning
    - No feedback on the form. Looks like it works alright? :)  [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new/choose) 
    - Please share it within your org and tweet it: [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1569616802878980096](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1569616802878980096) 
    - Content planning call after this call to go through current list of projects
3. GC updates
    - Sponsors plan to give more feedback into content planning
4. Website 
    - Soft launched!
    - [https://openwebdocs.org](https://openwebdocs.org) 
    - Please let us know your feedback!
    - Introducing Carle post?
5. Project updates
    - (JY) Automation: Markdownlint is in husky. I consider this done.
    - (Estelle) Cascade Layer learn building block
    - (Estelle) Semantic Standards
        - Ensure each form control has an associated `label`
        - `alt` attributes
6. TPAC
    - Will hosts a session later today: [https://wbamberg.github.io/tpac-owd-2022/](https://wbamberg.github.io/tpac-owd-2022/) 

## Notes

* Content Planning: not the ideal week, but we will walk through the project we have on file. This next call is basically this. We made some noise about the proposal form. No feedback so it is assumed it works well. Feedback is still welcome, though. Make more noise about it!
* (RN): GC call: talked about money and doing math. Hoping that members of the GC will be able to give feedback about features around Interop 2023 and others. We want to be sure that the companies in the GC are more present to give directions, and so on. **RJ**: yes, I took interop2022 as a good starting point to define what should be documented
* Website: soft launch! YEAHHHHHHH! Congrats to Dan Appelquist for turning the switch. And great work, Lola. Thank you! **FS** wrote some PRs to get things fixed. **EW:** We should make a blog post about the mascot, Carle. **WB:** We should speak about once we have 2 extra blog posts on it, it will look. **FS:** the Q2 report will have July 1st as the date, and Apple announcement. Also, a blog post about the events work. **EW**: Should we post a blog post linking to the blog post of the guy who was happy about his first contribution? **WB:** Maybe just a tweet. **RN**: Thanks for sorting the logos, and all. Canva has renewed their funding and will be joining the SC!
* (Estelle): Cascade Layer Learn in progress. All other things are rabbit holes. Working on adding labels to form when needed and different fixes on &lt;input>. Alt still going on, but we need to push on it.
* TPAC:  WB: doing a session at 3pm PST. Some slides done, available soon on the Web. (EW): Very pretty (WB) Wished we have a different approach, more workshoppy. Like having a workshop about "Testing APIs" or what APIs should need to be documented. But it was too late: we will see what will come out of the session afterwards. (FS): and people may come to you during the week (WB) While everyone is here, here are some projects where you can help us turn some proposals into plans. We can talk about it to transition from presentation mode to workshop mode (EW): You can ask an opening question to transition to a discussion, like "Does anybody have some project you want to talk about (WB) Probably not precise enough: "Do you want to speak about project X or Y…". Both are legitimate avenues to follow. (RN): "Vote about tabs and spaces:"
