# OWD Steering Committee call, 02-11-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Eric Meyer (Igalia)

**Regrets:** William Bamberg (OWD), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Rachel Andrew (Google), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. Impact Report for Q3 is published:
    - [https://openwebdocs.org/content/posts/2022-q3-report/](https://openwebdocs.org/content/posts/2022-q3-report/) 
    - [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1587474533610672131](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1587474533610672131) 
2. Projects
    - Performance API docs
        - Florian and Will work on organizing the docs better.
        - See [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21984](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21984) for how we want them all to be centered under the main Performance_API page and not have an overview page for each sub type.
    - BCD
    - Interop 2022
    - Page types
    - CSS color docs
    - Page titles
        - Waiting for feedback on [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810) 
    - Other projects
        - Sidebars:
            - Onkar with guidance from Will & Jean-Yves, unified HTMLSidebar and HTMLRef. Now:
                - We only have one sidebar macro for all of HTML
                - It’s better than it used to be
            - Yari PR to scroll the sidebar to the current item, to show page context better: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7444](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7444)
            - Yari PR to group properties in the CSS sidebar: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7441](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/7441) 
        - Alt attributes
            - Volunteer has taken over the project
        - Modernization
            - 2005 - 2009 done
            - Modernization of a few guides (RWD, 
            - Inclusion in code examples
3. Anymore for anymore?!


## Notes

* (Florian) Q3 report was released. A lot was accomplished even though we were a few people out.
* (Robert) Who is the others? Is it many, many people or a few core contributors
* (Robert) Is there a way of incentivising core contributors
* (Florian) When we ask people to do specific tasks, then we get contributors on those tasks.
* (Brian) Schalk is doing similar with the translation community
* (Florian) Performance API - working with will to organize the docs a lot better. The APIs are presented as their own 8 or so specs, but developers want a single place to read them, so we are coming up with plan to present them in a cohesive way. Thanks to Will for helping to sort this.
* (Florian) The page titles are in a draft. [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810). Please take a look at it and see if it works.
* (Florian) When we moved from wiki, searched for "simply" and removed it. Likely need to do that again with words like "just", "only", "simply", and other alienating words.