# OWD Steering Committee call, 24-08-2022

**Present:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), William Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Lola Odelola, Florian Scholz (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla), Robert Nyman (Google), 

**Regrets:** Dominic Cooney (Meta), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Laura Morinigo (Samsung), Rachel Andrew (Google), 

**Chair**: Vinyl

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. GC updates
    - Quarterly report: how can we make it more impactful. Maybe we should work on disposition (executive report).
2. Project updates
    . _Website_ (Speaker: Will)
        - The new website Lola made is deploying from openwebdocs/owd-website: [https://beautiful-dieffenbachia-e315ce.netlify.app/](https://beautiful-dieffenbachia-e315ce.netlify.app/) - please have a look and file issues if you have any: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/owd-website/issues](https://github.com/openwebdocs/owd-website/issues) . I think we are pretty close.
        - Logo, final call.
    - _Browser compatibility data_ (Speaker: Vinyl)
        - We have a new WebExt rep. for Safari
        - Updating the data guidelines to make it easier for new (and existing) contributors
        - Internet Explorer has been hidden on all MDN pages (but the data still remains for now)
    - _Modernize JS of mdn/content examples_ (Speaker: Jean-Yves)
        - The “update our JS guidelines” PR is created (earlier today). Once merged, I’ll call this project done \
Let’s bikeshed at [Update JS code guideline](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/19929)
    - _Improve CSS formal syntax macro_ (Speaker: Will)
        - Formal syntax no longer expands `&lt;color>` or `&lt;gradient>` types, making it reasonably short in (almost?) all cases.
        - We have an open PR to hardcode syntax for nonstandard properties ([https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/19067](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/19067) )
        - A few cases where the spec seems to not mark up items as expected, so webref misses them ([https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/18780#issuecomment-1216912692](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/18780#issuecomment-1216912692) ) - perhaps fix these in the spec? 
    - _Let’s Alt all images!_ (Speaker: Estelle)
        - Was at over 404. Down to under 200. Several new contributors
    - _Taboo words: HTML5, CSS3_ (Speaker: Estelle)
        - Removing -ms-, and mentions of internet explorer
        - HTML5 is pretty much removed, changed to HTML
        - CSS prefixes
        - Should we remove fallbacks for flex and grid?
    - _Polyfills_ (Speaker: Jean-Yves)
        - First version of the PR ([https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/6902](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/6902) ) has been reviewed. I need to update it
        - Once this is in, we can remove all polyfills from web/javascript (as a start)
- Discussion points
    - Vinyl - we should [keep a theme selector](https://github.com/openwebdocs/owd-website/pull/12) on the website

## Notes

(Will) Thanks Lola for the great site. Please file any issue. We are close to being able to launch. \
Last call for the logo. What does everybody think about the logo? I had negative feedback 
(Estelle) Had really positive feedback. 
(Vinyl) It is a nice logo, but maybe it doesn’t fit OWD that much. Maybe we should make it more clear that the body of the caterpillar are pages. 
(Lola) Nothing ties us to the logo. Who is visiting the website and the audience? If we notice that the logo doesn’t fit the audience, we can change it in the future. We are not married with it. This can be continuous development of the logo. (Estelle) When we were talking about the voice, this one fits better. The previous one was maybe more professional, but it was non-_memorable_. \
(Will) Please file PRs so we fix them and we can switch the DNS. Deadline for feedback, this meeting next week. \
 \
(Vinyl) BCD: we have a new webextensions representative. They will be in the next bcd meeting. Doing a great job

(VInyl) BCD update the data guideline. Defining what features, subfeatures are. Target: new contributors. This is a WIP

(Vinyl) BCD: IE PR merged: we don’t display IE information anymore on MDN. Reason: nobody should be writing IE-compatible websites anymore. The data is still there and we can rollback if needed. But on BCD, IE data is legacy data, so no work is done on it. (Ruth) Nice comments on the discussion today.

(Jean-Yves) The “update our JS guidelines” PR is created (earlier today). Once merged, I’ll call this project done.Let’s bikeshed there.

(Will) Syntax: &lt;color> and another are no more completed described in it. PR to hardcode the non-standard property syntax should be merge this. Then some extra property are missing, likely because of specs errors. (Dominic) @all is no available on webref

(Estelle) Alt text: we went from 401 missing ones to about 200. People are also improving some alt text.

(Estelle) Remove -ms prefixes and notes, remove most mention of HTML5/CSS3. Remove fallbacks for grids and flexs in progress as they are useless now. (Ruth) progress enhancement for grids/flexs may have some information. To check. Also add a redirect

(Jean-Yves)(Polyfills) PR reviewed. Fixes need to be done. ETA for landing: by next week

(Vinyl) Discussion point: Dark theme/Light theme. We should have a button: 1) the OS preference is not necessary what the reader want and 2) Bug on Chrome Linux, where the OS color scheme is not given correctly to the navigator. Cookies/Storage for this shouldn’t be a problem as it is something needed for the use of the website (GDPR). (Lola) I agree +  give freedom to the people (Estelle) Not everybody knows how to change the color scheme 
(Vinyl) Any local storage saving data is concerned by GDPR, not only cookies. But we shouldn’t worry. 
(Lola) Why was it change? 
(Will) No strong opinion about the 3-way button, but maybe it should be on the nav bar 
(Dominic) The position is maybe problematic. But it shouldn’t be blocking the launch 
(Vinyl) Maybe we should style it different, but not necessary move it into the footer, because it won’t be noticeable on large part like Quaterly reports. 
(Lola) It could be an icon only, but this may be a11y problem as not everybody may understand the icon. Or it can be slightly atop of the nav bar. 
(Vinyl) We can probably improve it to make it look like it is not a navbar icon.

(Robert) I’m back. GC: 1. Renewed funding. Discussion in progress 2. Quaterly report: how can we make it more impactful. Maybe we should work on disposition (executive report).

(Estelle) Does it help to put the GC update later in the agenda? (Robert) No, we don’t need. We have 30 min in-between the two meetings.

(Vinyl) Thank you all for attending, see you all next week.