# OWD Steering Committee call, 16-11-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft)

**Regrets:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** (someone; thank you!)

## Agenda

1. GC updates
    - Google is sponsoring OWD again in 2023. Thank you Google!
2. Projects
    - Performance API docs
        - Tracking issue: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62) 
        - (Florian) Working through more reference pages, also fixing some BCD issues along the way.
        - (Florian) DOMHighResTimeStamp is a typedef. How does MDN document typedefs? Started a discussion [https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/282](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/282) 
    - BCD
    -Interop 2022
    - Page types
        - JS: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156) 
    - CSS color docs
    - Page titles
        - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810) 
    - Other projects
        - (Will) MDN now auto-scrolls sidebars
3. Discussions
    - (Ruth) Assets -> Fonts
    - (Ruth) Group meeting London early next year
    - (Brian) Also have had some overlap with Performance API work this Q sparked from a community contributor, would be interested in taking some tasks where appropriate (examples? Nice to have? guide?)

## Notes

* Page types: comment in [ttps://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156)  
* Fonts: Claas is working on getting local fonts working. Having assets next to pages is desirable but repo size is an issue: letâ€™s get assets working first then worry about repo size.
* Brian: would be interested in some Perf API work. Will: maybe an example site demonstrating some perf markers?