# OWD Steering Committee call, 21-12-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD)

**Regrets:** Michael Smith (w3c), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. Happy holidays, everyone! Next meeting is on January 4.
2. Q1 planning
    - We're not doing Q1 planning in December, partly because of the London meetup and partly because of the shared roadmap. Instead we will spend early January finishing off Q4 stuff and planning for the meetup, and aim to get Q1 goals out of the meetup.
3. Project updates
    - Performance API
        - Reference is almost done. Just working on Layout Instability, Element Timing, and performance.now pages still.
        - Guide is WIP
        - Aiming to finish in January
    - BCD
        - Notes: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/17857](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/17857) 
    - Interop 2022
        - Fixing the CSS reference sidebar: most CSS functions are listed. I tried several complex ways, but I think I have found a simple way. Working to test it locally.
        - One PR still needed to finish updating the color reference. Aiming to finish it this year.
        - other
    - Page types
4. Announcements
5. Discussions
    - [Polyfills](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/23071) on HTML and CSS pages.


## Notes

* Performance API: Reference part is almost done. Layout instability pages are WIP. Some terms like CLS seem like google defined things and we need to decide if we want to document them. Still have the performance.now() page on my to-do list. Will is working on the guide. 
* We are talking about things we are not doing as part of this performance project. We should probably capture that. 
* There’s also Web/guide/performance. The topic is larger than just the Perf APIs. We should note what can be included in a follow up project outside of the measurement APIs.
* BCD: vinyl is out.
* Florian met with Daniel. There is a discussion about notes and how to make them better.
* JY: working on fixing css sidebar. The colors didn’t appear on the side bar because functions  look just at the top level, not on the inside. Starting to work on that. If all goes well, it will be less than 10 lines. I still have to work on OKLab and one other reference. Close to getting it done. HOpe to finish this year. Working on switching colors. Almost ready, possibly this week. 
* Still have `rel` left to do. Files took a bit b/c there is no in depth filelist spec
* Page types: we’re clear on what we want, but haven’t done it yet.
* Polyfills: Florian: we need a policy. JY: Maybe 2 years? That gives people time to update their sites. Just a random date; not wedded to it. Estelle: if the polyfill author abandoned updating it, should we abandon it, or do polyfills that are well written generally not get updated? Will: Do we think the source is well looked after? Florian: in BCD, we were looking at having a list of trusted polyfill sources. Polyfill.io. JY: people can update a polyfill after it’s been approved, generally not nefarious, but could be. Maybe bring this up in London. Florian: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/27](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/27), There was a discussion in January 2018. 
