# OWD Steering Committee call, 20-04-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Will Bamberg (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Robert Nyman (Google)

**Regrets:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Jory Burson (Guest), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Will

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. (Florian)
    - Website now contains all the posts from the Open Collect page: [https://inspiring-snyder-9401af.netlify.app](https://inspiring-snyder-9401af.netlify.app). Should we launch this at openwebdocs.org so we have a place for
      - The Q1 impact report
      - The markdown blog post
      - Other announcements we soon want to make like WTD Portland

    - Reviewed some BCD PRs. Great to see Vinyl and Philip stepping up as owners!
    - Trying to get back into finishing the events project. Still need to deal with WindowEventHandlers and GlobalEventHandlers
    - Delegating tasks to the team given I soon start my summer sabbatical (likely May 6 is my last day).

2. (Will)
    - Working on impact report, website content, lots of PR reviews
    - Still no time for project work.
    - Defining an issue triage process for mdn/content: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/15125](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/15125) . #issue-triage Slack channel?
3. (Vinyl)
    - Working on the backlog of BCD’s infrastructure PRs with Philip
        - Focusing mainly on low-impact infra for now (ex. contributor-only scripts almost entirely maintained by me)
        - Higher impact infra will be discussed with the other BCD owners first
    - Working on the backlog of BCD’s issues as well
    - Taking on Daniel’s proposal on a new BCD linter
    - BCD collector v6.0 releasing soon w/ lots of bug fixes, test updates, and handles the new events structure
    - Branding w/ Lola + Estelle
4. (Estelle)
    - Branding
    - Cascade and cascade layers
    - HTML to MD / ARIA roles
    - issues
5. (Jean-Yves)
    - Working on CSS Colors:
        - BCD reorg got merged (yeah!)
        - Working on first article (Dark mode)
    - Lots of reviews and other small stuff PR

## Notes

* **Florian:**
  * website – w/ Will there is more content. You can click the link and see the current content (imported from our OpenCollective page). Should we launch it in its current form already? Let’s discuss it on Slack.
  * reviewed BCD PRs.
  * back to event work to finish it (the GlobalEventHandler / WindowEventHandler ones
  * will be out from May 6th (likely) until end of August. Training the team to be him (we will all wear black clothes!)
* **Vinyl:**
  * working on BCD PRs, cutting them in small PRs, easier to review.
* **Will:**
  * website, PR reviews. Lots of active volunteers at the moment.
  * filed a PR to create a issue triage meeting. Shall we also try a dedicated Slack channel? Yes.
* **Vinyl**:
  * working on BCD backlog of PRs and issues. Working w/ Philipp on infrastructure.
  * 6.0 release of the collector will be released soon
* **Estelle:** **branding of OWD**.
  * Lola and Iula (JetBrains) will work together for a mood board and colors. (More than logo, also a look and feel of the entire brand). Will take some times (~1 or 2 months, but this is still unclear). The mood board will not be shared, but info and docs will.
  * **Robert:** Will the design work prevent the website to goes live or not? **Lola:** content and URL is not a problem, it is even better to have content. How long? We will know better on monday (after talking to Iula) as planning will be better now.
  * **Estelle**: not ready for launch. We need more time. **Lola**: we need to make things more cohesive but not necessary with all the branding (new logos, …) Est: 2 weeks to 4 weeks depending on the person :-)
  * **Will:** recap: somebody will add branding to the current site in the next 4 weeks and then we can launch it. Yes. Lola will take the action to update the current site with a good-enough level of branding.
* **Estelle**:
  * cascade layer (draft). Removed some more HTML pages. Went through issues and fixed a lot of them
* **Jean-Yves**:
  * Working on CSS colors how to write websites with dark mode. Working on outline, and first draft should be done by next week.
  * doing a lot of reviews as we have lots of contributors this quarter.
