# OWD Steering Committee call, 07-12-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Brian Smith (Mozilla),  William Bamberg (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet),

**Regrets:** , Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. GC updates
    - We will post on mastodon going forward
    - All flights are booked to meet in London.
2. Projects
    - Performance API
        - Tracking issue: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62) (all PRs are always linked from there in case you want to follow along)
        - Updated up docs for Navigation Timing API
            - [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming)
        - Working on Paint Timing / Largest Contentful Paint / Element Timing now
        - Brainstorming with Will and Brian on the guide.
            - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22621](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/22621) 
    - BCD
        - No update 
    - Interop 2022
        - &lt;Dialog>, HTMLDialogElement and `Inert` in final PRs.
        - Working on Forms (rel and files attributes)
        - Missing API pages
    - Page types: lots of page types are drafted and ready
        - JavaScript: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/16156) 
        - HTML: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22705](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22705) 
        - HTTP: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22761](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22761) 
        - SVG: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22762](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22762) 
    - Page titles
    - Colors
    - Other
        - (Will) Custom sidebars macros:
            - Finished cleaning 4 custom sidebar macros out of Web/API in en-US, so the pages can use the same sidebars as everyone else.. 
            - Once translated content has cleaned them out, we will delete the macro code.
3. Announcements
    - Samsung Internet posture and Laura upcoming plans next year

## Notes

* Florian: Update from GC – Lets post a tweet saying we are moving to Mastodon
* Florian: We all booked our flights to London. Estelle: need approval. Ruth: I will contact Hermina.
* Robert N. GC – We are trying to finalize the office location, then booking hotels. Goal: next week.
* Florian – Performance API: There is a tracking issue. Worked on Navigation Timing API, now on Paint Timing API / Element Timing / LCP. Getting closer to finishing the reference part.
* Interop 2022 – Estelle: rewrote &lt;dialog>/HTMLDialogElement. Wrote some missing APIS. Wrote on some missing form-related pages right now.
* Page types – Will: we have agreement for JS docs, draft for HTML and SVG. This will help us to have more consistent pages. It also helps us to understand where there are IA problems, and to simplify macros. Beside WebExtensions, we will be more or less done for the core areas of MDN. Dipika: will this solve the CSS descriptor/property problem? William: no, but there is a project for this: [https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/256](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/256) . There is complexity to do that as some macros assume a flat hierarchy and this would remove them. But this project is exposing the problem, though not solving this. Florian: We should go ahead with JS. Will: a little bit more complicated than he expected but everybody seems to be happy.
* Will: Getting rid of special macros: we have only two of them left (the normal ones). Special macros are mostly gone and once l10n is done, we will be able to remove the code
* Laura: Samsung. My team is still empty and we are looking for ways to support open source and MDN. From January I will have my maternity leave (**Congrats from everyone!**). I will try to continue to check in, even if there is not much support from our team.
* Patrick Brosset: PWA docs? Started to work on my end. Noticing a few areas of opportunity. Want to file a project. What is the process? Ruth: either the OWD process or MDN process, like you want. It ends in the same roadmap. Estelle: The main difference is the audience you'll reach. Likely more limited, but tight to this group on OWD. Florian: no difference. Ruth: MDN advantage: there is a task list which is easier. Here is the link: [https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/new?assignees=schalkneethling&labels=proposal%2Cneeds+triage&template=content-or-feature-suggestion.yml&title=Enter+your+proposal+here](https://github.com/mdn/mdn/issues/new?assignees=schalkneethling&labels=proposal%2Cneeds+triage&template=content-or-feature-suggestion.yml&title=Enter+your+proposal+here)
* Florian: That's it folks! See you soon!
