# OWD Steering Committee call, 31-08-2022

**Present:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), William Bamberg (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD),  Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Lola Odelola, Florian Scholz (OWD)

**Regrets:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Robert Nyman (Google), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Laura Morinigo (Samsung), Rachel Andrew (Google), 

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda


1. Content planning
    - Florian to start Q4 planning process
    - Goal: more engagement from the SC again (maybe this means to bring back voting)
    - Please think about doc projects that OWD should do. Examples for good submissions:
        -[https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/60](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/60) 
        - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62) 
        - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35) 
2. GC updates
    - Website (with logo) looks launchable! Launch next week or so?
3. Project updates
    - Website
        - Vote and decide on the logo
        - Any additional pre-launch feedback
    - Browser compatibility data
    - Modernize JS of mdn/content examples
        - Done – The bikeshedding PR about JS code guidelines is about to land. "Speak now or hold your peace forever" (forever = until the next PR)
    - Improve CSS formal syntax macro 
        - Nonstandard properties are now hardcoded
        - A [handful of pages left,](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tNRrwtG_Kx2JWROeTQhqVGKoJQxfHHxp8on0OtQXp9g/edit#gid=0) in which the information isn’t available in the specs - possibly need to update the specs. 
    - Polyfills
        - No progress this week

## Notes

* Q4 content planning:
    * Dom: voting requires engagement but does it lead to the best result? But we don’t have an alternative. Florian: last Q project proposals came from within the team. Dom: performance proposal wasn’t adopted and this makes it harder to ask again for proposals. Florian: yes, we also think we should be better at choosing proposals that did not come from inside the team. TPAC: Dom: OWD (Will) should propose a breakout where we can ask for proposals. Dom: voting doesn’t necessarily work well to reflect our priorities. Consider a curated list where some projects are always from outside, some reflect other criteria that are important to us,  might give a more coherent roadmap than voting beauty contest.
    * Also project proposals from Mozilla, if we can help align our roadmaps.
* Website/logo discussion postponed, wait till Estelle is back.
* Lola: will there be another discussion about voting? Would like to be involved. Florian: yes, there will be a chance to discuss it more.
* Jean-Yves: Onkar has synced our labels (e.g. nonstandard) with BCD. Has tooling to support this and keep it up to date. Ideally this will come directly from BCD but it’s a great step forward..