# OWD Steering Committee call, 27-04-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Robert Nyman (Google)

**Regrets:** Will Bamberg (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jory Burson (Guest), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Chair:** Jean-Yves Perrier

**Note taker:** Vinyl

## Agenda

1. Admin/planning (Chair)
  - MDN reached its 2000th contributor last week. 
    Michael Smith (W3C) made a study about it. [Need OWD slack access to see it]
    - To put that number into perspective: list all GitHub repos (less than 30) with than 2000 contributors. -> We are in the top-30 of all GitHub.
    - We have an exceptionally high number of new contributors each month: over the last 6 months, an average of about 130 new contributors each month. The rate at which mdn/content is gaining new contributors is almost unique — Only MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs does better. 
    - We have an exceptionally high number of contributors contributing PRs each month: over the last 6 months, about 190 active contributors each month
    - Number of people actively contributing PRs in any given month is also highly exceptional: Among the set of repos with 2000+ contributors, there are only 10 repos with more than 150 active contributors per month, and only 5 repos with more active monthly contributors than mdn/content: the linux kernel repo, MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs, the homebrew-core and homebrew-cask repos, and the pytorch repo.
  - Proposal: electing projects for consideration in Q3.
    - Be sure there is an issue in Openwebdocs/projects
    - Ping somebody with edit right to add the proposed for Q3 2022 label.
    - That way we don't forget ideas.
    - (We plan to start planning for Q3 last week of May/first week of June.)
2. OWD Web site (Estelle, Lola, Vinyl)
  - Figma: https://www.figma.com/file/5EjFk4wlxFINpoMUgQnDCR/OWD?node-id=0%3A1
  - Brand mood board https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yd8f_9NwaEkNjHFlroc2TS1Eqy-EkQQlL7ua4WA0L5E/edit# 
3. (Florian)
  - Looks like we have consensus on how to move forward with `GlobalEventHandlers` on the content side. Example PRs:
    - https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/15376 
    - https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/15385 
  - More tricky on the BCD side:
    - https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/7545#issuecomment-1108500261 
    - https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/16029 
    - https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/16010 
4. (Vinyl)
  - BCD’s ESM conversion is almost finished!
5. (Estelle) 
  - Addressing PRs and fixing some issues: mostly HTML attributes and elements. 
  - <menu> and ARIA Menu
6. (Jean-Yves)
  - We amended the way to mark methods that doesn't return any value. (meta-doc only, not reflected throughout the content)
  - Found a problem with our exceptions: a few JS exceptions (`RangeError`, `TypeError`) were marked as `DOMException`. They aren’t. And sometimes the SyntaxError was indicated as a JS error (they aren’t, except for rare case). PR incoming. [Note: we are the only place on the web that lists exceptions for each property/method. The spec has them, but in the prose]
  - Writing article about dark mode, CSS variables and media queries. Almost done, testing it by fixing `{{InheritanceDiagram}}` that generate a SVG (that doesn’t update according the dark mode).
  - Community: OnkarRuikar has adapted almost all API method pages to the modern syntax. They do most of the work, but still take some times to review them carefully. This is extremely valuable: it will help us when we have formal page type, but it is also one of these things that make using MDN easier, without knowing why.
7. Other points
  - _None_.

## Notes
* **Jean-Yves:** Hello and welcome!  Big news and great news: we reached 2000 contributors last week, Mike Smith made a study about it (you’ll need Slack access to see).  To summarize: we’re in the top 30 repositories on all of GitHub by contributor count, will improve quickly; exceptionally high number of new contributors, 130 over the last six months, second best of 30 repos (quite impressive); also exceptionally high number of active contributors, in the top five.
  **Robert:** How many were there during the wiki era? **Ruth:** Schalk should have the numbers.
  **Ruth:** Is this content only? **JY:** Yes. **Ruth:** Wow, that’s amazing. **JY:** Mike should have more information about how the numbers were calculated. **Estelle:** There were a lot of contributors counted during the wiki era that didn’t really make any changes. **JY:** We have a file containing data on who contributed to the wiki. **E:** We’ve removed from that file when we removed files. We could get the data back if we looked at old commit history.

* **JY:** Proposal, raised by Robert.  How to elect Q3 projects.  It would be great to label issues we’d like to elect for Q3. If you don’t have labeling access, ping us (OWD).  We’ll start planning Q3 in June.  **Florian:** I think this is great, thanks.

* **Lola:** Update to the website design!  Spoke to Yulia about branding and design, unclear how much they can commit, decided on a collaborative effort, they’ll work on the design, I’ll work on the logo, we’ll work on the overall branding together.
  **Lola:** The Figma link contains a sample of what I’ve done so far. It’s intended to be an intermittent website, but since we published the report, we should go straight for the fully-branded OWD website instead.  Would love feedback on the Figma link, if people like it I can use it as a base for the final website.  Figma link’s taken content from blog posts and the current Netlify site.  Netlify copy isn’t appropriate for marketing purposes; the “Get Involved” doesn’t have a CTA, needs to be made clearer.  If you haven’t seen the design doc, it’s in #website-branding on Slack.  **Robert** made a great point that we should prioritize who our visitors are, it would be good to get everyone’s opinion on visitor priority order.  Let’s connect about this in the Slack channel.
  **Lola:** ASAP!  What’s the ideal date for planning?  **JY:** We don’t have a set date, perhaps around mid-May?  **Lola:** Let’s say, end of May tentatively, if finished earlier, great!  Yulia wanted to incorporate the logo design into JetBrains’ planning. **E:** Probably 4-6 weeks for enough revision time, the longer the better, but not too long.  **JY:** If we can see early drafts, great. **Robert:** As advice, an arbitrary deadline would be great to ensure the logo is on its way, and then we can set a firm deadline later. **Ruth:** Mozilla’s working on contribution docs (how to write for MDN, style guides), we’d love to keep in sync.  **Lola:** MDN is where we mainly contribute to, but OWD is pitched as a web documentation group. Are we solely pushing MDN now?  We can probably just link to MDN’s contributing guides.  **Ruth:** De-duplicating sounds good.  **Lola:** Let’s connect offline about this.

* **Florian:** Working on GlobalEventHandlers.  Great consensus for mdn/content (made two example PRs, one for creating a new XR event, the other for organization), BCD side is still to be determined.  Looking for more feedback on the BCD side.

* **Vinyl:** Just about done with BCD ESM conversion!  Working with Luca, PR’s ready for review.

* **Estelle:** Spent most of last week reviewing PRs, focused on HTML attributes and CSS.  Rewrote aria-menu, deep-dived history of the menu element (hardly anything documented, -1 from accessibility community as well).  Would love good information about `<menu>`, `aria-menu` has more functionality than the HTML element.

* **JY:** There’s been a PR and discussion about methods not returning any value (undefined).  Got a consensus w/ Hamish, Will et. al., haven’t updated all of MDN yet, but meta docs are up-to-date.

* **JY:** JS Exceptions, RangeError, TypeError, etc. marked as DOMException, though they aren’t.  As we’re the only place listing these, it’s important we get this right.  PR is on its way.

* **JY:** Working on the dark mode article, testing it now with compatible SVGs.  Schalk will review.

* **JY:** Almost all meta docs adapted to new syntax by OnkarRuikar.  90% completed, needs careful review, but still amazing work.  Hoping they continue their great work.  **Estelle:** Can we send thank-yous to contributors?  **Ruth:** This contributor will be featured as the contributor of the month. Ping Schalk if you think there are any contributors that should be nominated.
