# OWD Steering Committee call, 20-07-2022

**Present:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD),  Rachel Andrew (Google), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Lola Odelola, Ruth John (Mozilla), 

**Regrets:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD),Laura Morinigo (Samsung),

**Chair:** Estelle

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

- (JY): I’m out from Friday to next Wednesday (included).
- GC update 
    - Nothing.
- Staff update 
    - (Will) (Florian) PTO. 
    - (Jean-Yves)
        - I have the polyfill feature working locally. I need to create a PR to get feedback from the devs.
        -  Modernizing JS
            - I have experimented to apply the rules to the Web Audio API.
            - Next step. Testing the sync.
            - Next step: updating the guidelines
        - Volunteers have run ESLint on a lot of pages, found/fixed a lot of problems
            - Discussion about next steps: [https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/158](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions/158) 
    - (Estelle)
        - Working on improving semantics HTML  
- Other:
    - Lola (Website updates)
- Announcements
    - CFP for WTD Prague

## Notes 

GC: nothing to report. No GC meeting next week.

JY: store polyfills in yaml header is goal. Code working locally. Needs to be cleaned then can PR’ed to get feedback. Once in, we can do all changes in JS, then in API, but should be happening soon. We also need to discuss which Polyfills we can support. We have APIs that are much larger.

Will get back to documenting linting next week. Monderinizing JS: take webAudio API. updated them to modern JS we’re hoping to use. Worked well. Interesting exercise to see how long it takes so we can estimate the job. 

Volunteers have been working diligently to fix ESlint type errors. PRs for markdown lint also moving forward.


Estelle: Semantic issues in HTML. We have a lot of case where &lt;b>, &lt;i>, or &lt;abbr> are used in our examples, in cases that it is not the right way to do it. So started to tidy the explanation on the pages. Creating issue to pages that we need to go back. End of Q3, all of our examples (HTML) will be in a good shape.

Lola: I’m aiming soft launch by Friday, feedback, changes, bugs. Should be as responsible as possible and it seems ok. We need to test on different devices. Estelle: DNS Transfer? JY: I’m meeting Florian and Will and can ask them. Dominic: Resp. tool in dev tools? Lola: Yes, done, but sometimes there are things not 100% accurate.

Lola: WTD Prague sent an e-mail. Est: please send it to the team