# OWD Steering Committee call, 03-08-2022

**Present:** Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Lola Odelola, Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** Eric Meyer (Igalia), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Jory Burson (Guest), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jon Davis (Apple), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), William Bamberg (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Laura Morinigo (Samsung)

**Chair:** Vinyl

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

- GC update 
    - Torgo will likely remain on the GC
    - Invoices investigated, will talk about more next week
- Staff update 
    - (Vinyl) Events migration project is officially completed
    - (Vinyl) {{event}} macro is almost removed; will be finished when GEH removal is completed on MDN
    - (Jean-Yves) Working with volunteers to modernize JS. We do a lot!
    - (Estelle) Plugging along on “standards”
- Discussion
    - (Vinyl) Removal of Microsoft Extensions

## Notes

Torgo will likely stay on the GC even though he is not working for a funder.

Jory investigated and explained. In summary, Invoices were legit.

We know where he’s headed, but nobody is speaking…. Ok, he’s at snyk. Congratulations on the new job.

Events migration project all in bcd and mdn into the new structures is officially completed. New project is adding the missing events, guided by webref project.

(Vinyl) {{event}} macro is almost completely removed from MDN; last are in global events handler. Completing it will close two main projects. will be finished when GEH removal is completed on MDN

(Jean-Yves) likes to play with dead microphones. Working with volunteers to modernize JS. We do a lot!. 800 occurences of the macro  a year ago. Volunteer Nfujip9 has done an amazon job of getting ird of about 10 a week, and more over the past few weeks. 

There are a lot of instances in translated content, so the macro isn’t out yet.

There is a place where you can suggest volunteers for volunteer of the month.

There is a lot of pressure on the translation groups. There are about 5 volunteersper group, and so much is written so quickly, it is difficult to keep up, but they do an amazing job, but lets be mindful of piling on more works.

V will talk to scaulk about translators.

JY: working ot modernize js all over the place. 3 or 4 volunteers are helping out, and all pring each other. Should be less bulk changes soon. Need to be informed when it’s okk to change the guidelines. Ruth please let JY know when it’s time.

Ruth: PR on Yari has been flagged to the Yari engineers.

(Estelle) Plugging along on “web standards”, going through and finding images that’re missing alt. Attributes, inappropriate labels, and other accessibility issues.  Finding small side projects during the process.

As a side project, I’m writing a book on CSS with Eric Meyer, and updating MDN while reading through it for reference.