# OWD Steering Committee call, 26-10-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD),Brian Smith (Mozilla), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla),

**Regrets:** Estelle Weyl (OWD),​​Robert Nyman (Google), Rachel Andrew (Google), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Lola Odelola, Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. We have a Q4 plan!
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/131](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/131)
2. We have a Q3 report!
    - It will be published tomorrow. See the draft and let us know if there is any feedback. [https://deploy-preview-57--beautiful-dieffenbachia-e315ce.netlify.app/content/posts/2022-q3-report/](https://deploy-preview-57--beautiful-dieffenbachia-e315ce.netlify.app/content/posts/2022-q3-report/) 
3. Projects
    - Performance API docs
        - See my [write up](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62#issuecomment-1290319107) on what got done for Event Timing so far
        - Working on User Timing now
    - BCD
    - Interop 2022
        - Can this raise the priority of [https://github.com/mdn/yari/issues/5727](https://github.com/mdn/yari/issues/5727) (see [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21597](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21597) ) ?
    - Page types
    - CSS color docs
        - Updating oklab() and oklch()
    - Page titles
        - Draft PR at [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810) showing some page titles - how will we decide if we want to do this?
    - Other projects
4. Recording the SC meetings [Robert]
    - Canva reached out and wondered about recordings, since they are in a timezone where it makes it very hard for them to attend these meetings
    - How does this group feel about recording the SC meetings?
    - (Robert: unfortunately I can’t make the meeting this week, but curious about the outcome of this discussion)
5. Anymore for anymore?!

## Notes

* Loading local fonts in Yari to help with issues like [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21597](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21597) . Should we address this ourselves? Can we get help from Mozilla MDN team? Ruth: Claas is on PTO next week but will ask him when he is back. 
* oklab() and oklch(): Jean-Yves hopes to have these done by next week.
* Page titles:
    * Give feedback in the PR: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/21810) 
    * Florian: consider changing constructor pattern
    * Brian: will changing titles affect search? Ruth: search engines should understand that it is the same page. Jean-Yves: longer titles should be better as there is more to match.
    * Will: we can’t generate titles because of l10n - Yari doesn’t support l10n. So we need to have them in content ([https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/248#discussioncomment-3919029](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/248#discussioncomment-3919029)).
    * Jean-Yves: what about sidebars? Will: there is a companion Yari PR that will use short-title to make sidebars.
* Canva asked if we can record calls.
    * Jean-Yves: yes if we keep them for a limited time and keep them private.
    * Will: yes, but also consider having some instances of this meeting in a Canva-friendly timezone (Australia?). Whatever we can to help people participate.
    * Florian: no to recording but yes to different timezones. Also try to make the meeting work better async.
    * Maybe one meeting a month could be either Europe/Aus or US/Aus. Then Mike and Hamish could also participate.
    * Publish draft agenda the day before. Make sure Canva are in our Slack.